senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "art" in the context of the given sentence is:8) An ability that
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peculiar" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Character
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The people of
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:2) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to or
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peculiarities" in the context of the given sentence is:4)
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unintelligible" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Freedom from
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the context of the given sentence is:8) People in general
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scenes" in the given sentence is:10) The context and environment
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evoke" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Call forth
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loveliest" in the given sentence is:2) Appealing to
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ancient" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Very old
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stone" in the context of the sentence is:7) Building material consisting of
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stands" in the context of the sentence "An ancient stone church stands amid the fields
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the context of the given sentence is:12) Extensive
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The particular aud
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cascading" in the context of the given sentence is:1) R
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A structure
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calling" in the context of the given sentence is:27) Order
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faithful" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Any
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evensong" in the given sentence is:2) (Anglican
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stop" in the context of the sentence "The parishioners of St. Michael and
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "door" in the given sentence is:4) The entrance (the space in
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the context of the given sentence is:7) In Christianity
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "always" in the context of the sentence "The parishioners of St. Michael and
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given context is:11) An adult person who is
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pull" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Cause
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:2) A strong line
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given context is:5) Resembling or similar;
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:2) Before another in time, space
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounded" in the given sentence is:7) Give off a certain sound
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discordant" in the given sentence is:1) Not in agreement or
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "note" in the given context is:5) A notation representing the pitch and
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enjoying" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Der
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cool" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Neither
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:2) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sets" in the given context is:17) A group of things of
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given context is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) At a previous time;
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) First day of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morning" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The first
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The latter
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the context of the sentence is:13) The act of
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains:
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered in
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in the context of the sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence, "The others here today live elsewhere," is:
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the context of the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is:
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the given sentence is:8) Any number of entities (members
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "including" in the given context is:3) Add as part of something else
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the context of the sentence is:5) Activity leading to sk
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drive" in the context of the given sentence is:22) Proceed
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) First day of the
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effort" in the given sentence is:4) Use of physical or mental
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keep" in the context of the sentence is:9) Continue a certain
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounding" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Give off
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:3) In fact (used as intens
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:6) Work done by one person or
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrape" in the context of the given sentence is:2) C
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:6) Utter aloud
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worker" in the given context is:4) A person who works at a
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Make an
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "train" in the context of the given sentence is:12) Undergo
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discos" in the given context is:2) A public dance hall for
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dances" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Taking
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the context of the sentence "We've tried to train the youngsters
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drift" in the context of the given sentence is:10) W
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "away" in the context of the given sentence is:10) From a
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worries" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be wor
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "youth" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The time
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ranks" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Position in
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A group of
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keeps" in the context of the sentence is:9) Continue a
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "History" in the given sentence is:5) The discipline that records and interpre
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the context of the sentence "History, after all, is not on his
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survey" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A form
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence "According to a nationwide survey taken
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given context is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "no" in the given sentence is:3) Used to express refus
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rung" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Make (
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sundays" in the given sentence is:1) First day of the
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ring" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Make (b
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the context of the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ancient" in the given sentence is:1) Very oldThis
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "art" in the given sentence is:2) The products of human creativity
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the given sentence is:1) Used to form the compar
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "version" in the given sentence is:6) Something a little different from others
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "playing" in the context of the sentence is:26) Perform music
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tunes" in the given sentence is:3) A succession of notes forming
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continental" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Europe" in the given sentence is:2) The nations of the European continent
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considered" in the context of the given sentence is:6) De
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given context is:3) The people of England
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fit" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (usually
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:2) And nothing more
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "foreigners" in the given context is:2) A person who comes
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given context is:3) The people of England
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invented" in the given sentence is:2) Come up with (
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "requires" in the given context is:3) Have need of
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "physical" in the context of the sentence "Change-ringing, a mind-
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given context is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weigh" in the context of the sentence "some bells weigh more than a
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intense" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Extrem
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mental" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Invol
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentration" in the context of the given sentence is:8)
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given context is:2) Of or relating to or
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rounds" in the context of the given sentence is:16) An
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "highest-pitched" in the given context is:2) U
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell" in the given context is:11) A hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lowest" in the context of the sentence about bells is:9)
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Having few parts
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scale" in the context of the given sentence is:11) (music
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Put into service
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in the given context is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signal" in the given sentence is:2) Any incitement to action
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Have a beginning
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "varying" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Be
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "order" in the context of the given sentence is:14) The act
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Give off a
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altering" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Become
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steady" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Not
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rhythm" in the given sentence is:4) Recurring at regular
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	In the given sentence, "striking" refers to the act of the bells making contact or producing sound when they
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variation" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The act
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occur" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Happen
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:2) And nothing more
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	In the given sentence, "Each variation, or change, can occur only once," the term "once" refers to the
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	In the given sentence, "Each variation, or change, can occur only once, the rules state," the word "state
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "methods" in the given sentence is:4) A way of doing something,
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "names" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A noun
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "series" in the given sentence is:8) Similar things placed in order or
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes" in the context of the sentence "A series of 5,00
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the given sentence is:1) The act of directing the
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:5) The time between sunset and
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practice" in the context of the given sentence is:8) System
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gives" in the context of the sentence "A look at a Thursday night
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given context is:3) The content of cognition;
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Activity directed
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Con
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stand" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Be standing
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circle" in the given sentence is:7) Movement once around a course
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "foot" in the given context is:11) The part of the leg
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ahead" in the context of the given sentence is:3) In a
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stance" in the given sentence is:1) Standing posture
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pulling" in the context of the sentence is:8) Cause to
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rope" in the given context is:2) A strong line
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the context of the sentence is:3) Limited in size or
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hole" in the context of the given sentence is:5) An opening into
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given sentence is:6) (literal meaning) being
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The overhead
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaks" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Express in
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:2) A strong line
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Seem
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the given sentence is:15) Reach
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The particular aud
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muffled" in the context of the given sentence is:1) De
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The overhead
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "absorbed" in the given sentence is:1) Giving or marked
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stare" in the given sentence is:1) Fixate one's
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "straight" in the given sentence is:2) In a straight line;
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ahead" in the context of the given sentence is:3) In a
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Put into service
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "call" in the context of the sentence is:27) Order, sum
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watch" in the given sentence is:4) See or watchIn
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:2) A strong line
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thus" in the given sentence is:2) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:4) Set the speed, duration,
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pulls" in the given context is:5) The act of pulling;
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Far" in the given sentence is:4) At or to a great
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in the given sentence is:1) In or to a place that
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bronze" in the given sentence is:1) Made from or consisting
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mounted" in the context of the sentence "Far above in the belfry
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wheels" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the context of the sentence provided is:6) Change direction with
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "madly" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In an
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Constituting
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degrees" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "starting" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Set
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ending" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Be the end
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inverted" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Being
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "position" in the context of the given sentence is:10) The spatial
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retard" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Cause
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Changing location
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:5) In a manner that facilit
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swap" in the given sentence is:2) Exchange or give (something)
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "places" in the context of the given sentence is:14) Pro
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well-known" in the context of the given sentence is:1) W
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Eng
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A place
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given context is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given context is:2) Of or relating to or
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given context is:3) Give a description of
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passion" in the given context is:4) A strong feeling or em
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the context of the sentence provided is:7) Make a
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "satisfaction" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) The
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Character
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completeness" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) The
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mechanical" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Using
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "perfection" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) The state
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "added" in the given context is:2) State or say further
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filled" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (usually
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solemn" in the given sentence is:2) Dignified and som
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comes" in the context of the sentence is:19) To be the
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:1) The prescribed procedure for
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Carry
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the given sentence is:1) Enter or assume a certain
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obsession" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An ir
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "admits" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Dec
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "master" in the context of the sentence is:9) An authority qualified to
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given context is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "female" in the context of the sentence is:2) For or
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passion" in the given sentence is:4) A strong feeling or em
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stays" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Continue
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:3) By contrast; on the
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "More" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much; to
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or instances
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think of" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Take
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The lowest part
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completed" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Come or
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worked up" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Develop
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sweat" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Use
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In many
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skip" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Leave suddenly
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leaving" in the context of the given sentence is:15) Go
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worship" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The activity
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	In the context of the given sentence, "below" refers to a position that is lower in terms of hierarchy or status within
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the context of the sentence "This does not sit well with some clerics
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "membership" in the given sentence is:1) The body of members
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steadily" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicars" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressing" in the context of the given sentence is:14) Ex
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equally" in the given sentence is:2) To the same degree (
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In many
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attend" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Be present at
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "services" in the context of the given sentence is:16) A service
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence is:33) Cause to
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:7) To a certain unspecified
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attend" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Be present at
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the context of the given sentence is:13) The act
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sacked" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Term
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entire" in the given context is:4) Constituting the full
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promptly" in the given context is:1) With little or no
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "protest" in the given context is:3) The act of protesting
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "club" in the given sentence is:9) A formal association of people with
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the given context is:4) Regard or consider in
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	In the context of the sentence provided, "sort" is used to describe a way of categorizing or distinguishing the tower
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "separate" in the given context is:2) Standing apart; not
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:4) State as one's
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the context of the given sentence is:7) In Christianity
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) A group of people
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "still" in the given sentence is:3) Despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ring" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Make (b
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "silent" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Marked
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "following" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Come after
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "refuses" in the context of the sentence "The vicar, W.D.
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talk about" in the given sentence is:1) Discuss or mention
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the context of the sentence "The vicar, W.D.
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feels" in the context of the sentence is:6) Be conscious of
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fault" in the given sentence is:6) A wrong action attributable
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:1) Nearest in space or position
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altar" in the given sentence is:1) A raised structure on which
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "So" in the given context is:1) In the way indicated; (`
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given context is:1) In or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the sentence is:12) Reach a
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in the given context is:1) In or to a place that
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the sentence "So crunch, crunch, crunch
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the given context is:1) Precisely so
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The act of
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congregation" in the given context is:1) A group of people
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prayer" in the given context is:1) The act of communic
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:6) Utter aloud
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "admits" in the context of the sentence "Vicar Marshall admits to
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	In the context of the sentence, "mixed feelings" refers to Vicar Marshall having a combination of different emotions or
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feelings" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) The
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the sentence "Vicar Marshall admits to mixed feelings
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell-ringer" in the context of the sentence is:1) A
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the given sentence is:4) The particular auditory effect produced
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draw" in the context of the sentence "The sound of bells is a net to
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloud
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the given sentence is:3) Pursue a positive and
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:3) The general feeling that
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drawn" in the context of the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fuller" in the given sentence is:4) Complete in extent or degree
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:7) The experience of being alive;
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A category of
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parliament" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A legisl
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the context of the sentence provided is:8) Any number of
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) Intend
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improve" in the context of the given sentence is:2) To
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicars" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the context of the given sentence is:4) State as
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The officer
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:3) Be optimistic;
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speak" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Give a
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colleges" in the given context is:1) An institution of higher
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "joys" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The em
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell ringing" in the given context is:3) The sound of someone
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shortly" in the given context is:2) In the near future
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publish" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Prepare
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given context is:2) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:3) The territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entitled" in the given context is:3) Give the right to
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bells" in the given context is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Care" in the context of the sentence "The Bells in Your Care" is
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Says" in the given context is:4) State as one's
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recognize" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Be fully
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "no" in the given context is:3) Used to express refus
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the context of the sentence provided is:7) Greater than
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "priority" in the given sentence is:4) Status established in order of
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:15) The condition of living or
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	In the context of the sentence "Mr. Baldwin is also attacking the greater problem: lack of ringers," the
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survey" in the given sentence is:4) A form containing a set
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:2) Report or maintain
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bellringers" in the given sentence is:1) A person who rings
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given context is:3) In the final outcome
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "still" in the context of the given sentence is:1) With reference
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "always" in the context of the given sentence is:3) At any time
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Inhabit
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:11) A hollow device
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the context of the sentence "Also, ringers do not always live where
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rung" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Make (
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the context of the sentence "Also, ringers do not always live where
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "council" in the given sentence is:1) A body serving in
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:2) A planned undertaking
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attract" in the context of the sentence "But the council's program to attract
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "train" in the context of the sentence "But the council's program to attract and
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the sentence "But the council's program to attract and
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:2) Report or maintain
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the given sentence is:11) Toward or on the
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lucky" in the given sentence is:2) Occurring by chance
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given context is:10) Original and of a kind
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the given context is:3) A contestant entered in
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	In the given sentence, "adds" is used to introduce additional information or a further point to the statement. Therefore,
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	In the context of the given sentence, "bright" is used metaphorically to describe a positive change or development
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sign" in the context of the given sentence is:9) A percept
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given context is:2) How much there is or how
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entered" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Become
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) At a previous time;
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "field" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A particular environment
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "third" in the context of the sentence "more than a third of the ringers today
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accepted" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Admit
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:2) Despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell-ringing" in the given context is:2) Playing a
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An organization of
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:3) The territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "founded" in the context of the sentence is:1) Set up or
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in the given context is:4) Stay the same;
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given context is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particularly" in the given context is:1) Specifically or especially distinguished
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given context is:4) Women as a class
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An organization of
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given context is:2) Used to form the super
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in the given context is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Record in
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A comprehensive
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given context is:2) The point or degree to
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given context is:3) A state of difficulty that needs
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surfaced" in the given context is:2) Appear or become
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "summer" in the given context is:1) The warmest season of
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "series" in the given context is:5) A periodical that appears at
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letters" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A written
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "newspaper" in the given context is:1) A daily or week
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "writer" in the given context is:2) A person who is able to
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Mark with
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letter" in the given context is:1) A written message addressed to a
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "male" in the given context is:3) An adult person who is male
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remarked" in the given context is:2) Make or write a comment
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frequency" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The number
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given context is:4) Women as a class
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggested" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Make
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "back" in the context of the given sentence is:3) In or to
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "traditional" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Consisting
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:3) Normal or customary activity of
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the sentence is:15) Reach a
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tea" in the given context is:4) A beverage made by
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meetings" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "torrent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An over
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replies" in the given context is:3) The speech act of continu
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "followed" in the context of the given sentence is:20) To
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An adult
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A person
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "observed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Disc
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Relating
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "male" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A person
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "badly" in the context of the given sentence is:8) In a
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dressed" in the context of the sentence is:3) Dress
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "large" in the context of the sentence is:2) Above average in
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unwashed" in the context of the sentence is:2) Not clean
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:4) Women as a class
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wrote" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Communicate
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Express in
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "never" in the given sentence is:1) Not ever; at no
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "known" in the context of the sentence is:5) Be cognizant
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lady" in the given context is:1) An adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "belfry" in the given sentence is:1) A tower that supports
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence "I have seen one or two men die,
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "die" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Pass from physical
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Medical" in the given sentence is:1) Relating to the study
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "starting" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Set
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "handful" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A small
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Harmed
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unleash" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Turn
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chaotic" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Complet
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "characterizes" in the given sentence is:2) Be characteristic of
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Report or maintain
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of the
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the sentence is:7) Not of long duration
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develops" in the context of the sentence about cancer is:19)
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understanding" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An ability
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expected" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Regard something
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produce" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Give rise
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "array" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An orderly
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Original and
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategies" in the given sentence is:2) An elaborate and system
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the given sentence is:2) Yet to be or coming
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Care
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the context of the sentence "That is for the future" is:
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developing" in the context of the sentence is:19) Grow
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Use as a
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the given context is:4) Recognize as being
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Preceding
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The continuum
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	In this context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "otherwise" is:1) In other respects or
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Having
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	In the given sentence, "individual" refers to a single human being who is otherwise healthy but may have a gen
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Has a good
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence "Already, scientists are developing tests based
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the given sentence is:17) A group of things of
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is discovered
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:6) Utter aloud
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:10) Make a discovery
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Only" in the given sentence is:6) As recently asThis
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decade" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 1
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be cogn
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "molecular" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A specific ident
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accumulation" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Several
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altered" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Changed
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "initiate" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Set in
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "propel" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Cause
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deadly" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) C
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The way something
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "call" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Ascribe a
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the sentence "Scientists call the new class of gen
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "class" in the context of the sentence "Scientists call the new class of gen
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simply" in the context of the sentence "Scientists call the new class of
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functioning" in the given sentence is:1) Perform as expected when applied
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the context of the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence "When functioning normally, they make
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given context is:3) Suffer or be sus
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "radiation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) High-
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:72) Cause
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Undergo
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the given context is:4) Recognize as being
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "differ" is:2) Be
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (biology
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovered" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) Disc
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) At or
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the context of the sentence is:14) Assign a
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "present" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Being or existing
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (biology
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Enter or
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:6) Discover or determine
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Conforming
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Rel
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggesting" in the context of the given sentence is:5)
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cause" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Give rise
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given context is:1) Of the immediate past or
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the sentence is:19) To be the
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Expect
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the context of the sentence is:11) Undergo a
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (bi
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:2) And nothing more
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence is:3) Suffer or
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the sentence "Like all genes, tumor
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given context is:1) A father or mother; one
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence is:25) Make by combining
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	In the given sentence, "needed" refers to the requirement for something to be present or function properly for a specific purpose
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "control" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Control (oth
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) (
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arise" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Originate
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	In the context of the given sentence, "impaired" refers to the condition where the copies (likely of a gene
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the given context is:4) A human beingIn
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "born" in the context of the given sentence is:12) Be pre
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given context is:4) A thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given context is:4) A thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Suffer
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Before the
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:15) The condition of living or
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given context is:2) And nothing moreIn
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lose" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Fail to keep
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given context is:4) A thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence is:19) Grow,
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Emerging" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Com
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individuals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the context of the sentence "Emerging genetic tests will be
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the sentence is:7) Not of long duration
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A time of
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beneficiaries" in the given sentence is:1) The recipient
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is found
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A pair
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:3) In fact (used as intens
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the given sentence is:3) Earlier in time; previously
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:1) Enter or assume a certain
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pregnant" in the given sentence is:2) Carrying developing
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "child" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chance" in the given context is:5) A measure of how likely
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the context of the sentence is:5) The organ of
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occurs" in the given sentence is:1) Happen, occur,
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given context is:5) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	In the given sentence, "once" is used to describe the frequency of occurrence of retinoblastoma, which is
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "births" in the given context is:5) The event of being
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carried" in the context of the sentence is:13) Contain
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given context is:1) Harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the context of the sentence is:11) Suffer the
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given context is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	In the context of the sentence provided, the most suitable dictionary definition for "only" is:6) As recently
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mother" in the given context is:6) A woman who has given
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suffered" in the context of the sentence is:6) Undergo
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) Resembling
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fate" in the given sentence is:2) An event (or a
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baby" in the context of the sentence is:9) A very young
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "isolation" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The act
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:1) Enter or assume a certain
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	In the given sentence, "possible" refers to the idea that it became feasible or achievable to discover what threat the
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Immediately
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find out" in the given sentence is:1) Find out, learn,
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "threat" is:3)
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baby" in the given sentence is:9) A very young child (
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faced" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Deal
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the sentence "A test using new `` genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the sentence is:10) Original and of
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:4) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Provide
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the sentence "A test using new `` genetic prob
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Rece
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence is:1) Harmed or
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faced" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Turn so
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	In the given sentence, "more" is used in the context of risk, which is an abstract concept rather than a count
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "risk" in the given sentence is:4) A source of danger;
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developing" in the context of the sentence is:19) Grow
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "It made our New Year," as said by
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloud
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the sentence "This test was the first to predict reliably
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A human
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the context of the sentence "This test was the first to predict reliably
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "This test was the first to predict reliably
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Equally" in the given sentence is:1) In equal amounts or shares
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of great significance
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "controls" in the context of the sentence is:7) Control (others
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the context of the sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence is:2) (bi
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence is:22) Put in order
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) A licensed medical pract
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "named" in the context of the sentence is:2) Assign a specified
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opened" in the context of the sentence is:11) Cause
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) A time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploded" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) Incre
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given sentence is:7) Be shown or be
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studying" in the given context is:3) Consider in detail and subject
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tragic" in the given context is:2) Very sad; especially
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncommon" in the given sentence is:1) Not common or ordinarily
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the given sentence is:25) Make by
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	In the given sentence, "It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fundamental" in the given context is:2) Being or involving basic facts
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "insights" in the given context is:3) Clear or deep perception
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basic" in the given context is:1) Reduced to the simplest
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:4) State as one's
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "director" in the given context is:7) A person who is in
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given sentence is:3) People in general considered as a
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advances" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A change
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Care
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basic" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Serving as
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Have a beginning
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showing" in the context of the sentence is:11) Be or
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "there" in the given sentence is:1) In that matterIn
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "Dr. Dryja made his retin
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the sentence "Dr. Dryja made his
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the sentence "Then last spring" is:9
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spring" in the given sentence is:6) The season of growth
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the context of the sentence is:10) Make a
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the context of the sentence is:14) Assign a
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	In the given sentence, "impaired" refers to the condition where the gene p53 is not functioning properly
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns" in the context of the sentence is:7) Cause to
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the context of the sentence is:3) Having or
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colon" in the given sentence is:3) The part of the large int
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given context is:1) Like a cancer;
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the find
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teams" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A per
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) Having the same
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	In the given sentence, "present" is used to describe the existence or occurrence of the damaged p53 gene in
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:2) Part of an organism
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:2) Used to form the super
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the context of the sentence is:5) Commonly encountered
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forms" in the given context is:14) A category of things distinguished
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killing" in the context of the sentence is:14) Be fatal
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Americans" in the given sentence is:4) A native or inhabit
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the given sentence is:10) Immediately
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laboratories" in the given sentence is:2) A workplace
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "racing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) To work
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the given sentence is:4) State as one
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alone" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Without anybody else
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "combination" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Seem
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crucial" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Of
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:8) (biology
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scourges" in the given sentence is:2) Something causing misery
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the given context is:4) That part of the central
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skin" in the given context is:8) A natural protective body
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cervix" in the given context is:1) Necklike opening
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An indic
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherit" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Receive
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "versions" in the given context is:6) Something a little different from others
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explaining" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Ser
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "finally" is:2) As
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seem" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Seem
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Certain to
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "families" in the context of the given sentence is:6) People desc
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "story" in the given context is:3) A record or narrative description
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes back" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Bel
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "named" in the context of the sentence is:2) Assign a specified
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposed" in the context of the sentence is:2) Make a proposal
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stemmed" in the context of the given sentence is:3) G
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "separate" in the context of the sentence is:3) Independent; not
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Of or
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defects" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) An
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "theorized" in the given sentence is:1) Construct a theory
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Rece
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence is:1) Harmed or
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing made
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given context is:1) A father or mother; one
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Conforming
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing made
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developed" in the context of the sentence is:19) Grow
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	In the given sentence, "The tumor, he suggested, developed when the second, normal copy also was damaged,"
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or const
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	In the given sentence, "The tumor, he suggested, developed when the second, normal copy also was damaged,"
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:9) How a result is obtained or
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prove" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Estab
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "theory" in the given sentence is:1) A well-substantiated
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Back" in the given sentence is:4) In or to or toward a
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:2) At that timeIn
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specific" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (sometimes
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:15) Perce
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	In the given sentence, "pairs" refers to the 23 sets of chromosomes in the cells that
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contain" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Include
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gross" in the context of the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "visible" in the context of the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome damage
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:16) Make a discovery
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the context of the sentence is:5) The organ of
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by gen
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) Harmed
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) A thing made
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:5) In reality or actuality
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:15) Perce
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bit" in the given context is:11) A small fragment
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumed" in the given sentence is:4) Take to be the case
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:10) An instance of some
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contained" in the given sentence is:3) Include or contain;
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loss" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the context of the sentence is:6) Urgently
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) The actions and activities assigned to
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "setting off" in the context of the sentence is:2) Set in motion
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scientific" in the given sentence is:1) Conforming with
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "led" in the context of the sentence "Then, a scientific team led by molecular
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:10) Make a discovery
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:5) A statement that solves a problem
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Put into service
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battery" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developed" in the context of the sentence is:19) Grow
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:4) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The tangible
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presence" in the context of the sentence is:7) The state of
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analyzing" in the given sentence is:4) Consider in detail and
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extracted" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Obtain
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:6) Discover or determine
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defects" in the given context is:3) An imperfection in
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given context is:2) Coming next after the first
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing made
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exact" in the given context is:4) Marked by strict and
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Indicating
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing made
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the context of the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the context of the sentence "The finding riveted medicine"
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:11) A person's experience
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Provide
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loss" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the sentence "It was the first time anyone had showed that
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Be
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eruption" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "satisfying" in the given context is:1) Providing abundant
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloud
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "true" in the given sentence is:11) Consistent with fact or
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "true" in the given sentence is:11) Consistent with fact or
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "audacious" in the context of the sentence "It was an audacious claim
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the context of the sentence "It was an audacious claim"
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the context of the sentence is:2) (used of
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believed" in the context of the sentence is:1) Accept as true
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the context of the sentence is:12) Correct in opinion
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set out" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Take the
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "repeat" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Make or do
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiment" in the given sentence is:1) The act of conducting
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teams" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result of
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dual" in the given sentence is:2) Consisting of or involving
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "losses" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "childhood" in the given sentence is:1) The state of a child
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) Assign a specified (
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:1) Direct one's interest
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the context of the sentence "Dr. Vogelstein next turned his
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "biggest" in the context of the sentence is:10) Conspic
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killer" in the context of the sentence is:2) Someone or
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Expect
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arise" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Originate
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	In the context of the sentence, "often" refers to the occurrence of an event (in this case, the development
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	In the context of the sentence, "He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple `` hits `` on cancer suppressor gen
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence is:19) Grow,
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stages" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A specific
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In many
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "preceded" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Come
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:8) (biology
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A glass
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Enter or
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stages" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A specific
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progressing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Move forward
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Used to
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "severe" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Intens
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deadly" in the context of the given sentence is:5) C
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Of or
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The occurrence
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occurring" in the context of the given sentence is:1) H
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) A learner
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:10) Have a beginning,
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tedious" in the context of the given sentence is:1) So lack
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In many
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "searching" in the given sentence is:3) Search or seek
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signs" in the context of the sentence is:5) (medic
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given sentence is:5) The occurrence of a change
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:10) Have a beginning,
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confusing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Lack
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Noticeable
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "existing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Have an
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the sentence provided is:7) Without any others
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given context is:3) A small vascular
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (bi
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given context is:3) A small vascular
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (bi
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coherent" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "picture" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerged" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the context of the sentence "If both copies of a certain gene were knock
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knocked out" in the context of the given sentence is:4
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "If both copies of a certain gene were knock
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	In the given sentence, "second" refers to a gene that comes after the first in a sequence or order. Therefore,
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	In this context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "then" is:3) In that case or as a
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deleted" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Remove by
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "malignancy" in the given context is:2) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clear" in the context of the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene had
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene had
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the find
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "galvanized" in the context of the sentence "Their report galvanized other
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confirming" in the given sentence is:1) Serving to support or
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "needed" in the given sentence is:2) Have or feel a need
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "losses" in the given context is:2) Something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the context of the sentence is:6) Urgently
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given context is:8) (biology) the process
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the given context is:5) Commonly encounteredIn
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:11) Express in words
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:1) Up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	In the context of the given sentence, "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	In the context of the sentence, "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	In the given sentence, "damaged" refers to a condition where a gene, if altered or impaired,
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flipped" in the context of the sentence is:8) Reverse (
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colon" in the given sentence is:3) The part of the large int
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	In the context of the sentence, "full-blown" refers to a situation or condition that has reached its most
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "malignancy" in the given context is:2) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Put into service
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "down" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Spatially
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "length" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The property of
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in the given sentence is:1) Try to locate or discover
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Common to or
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bit" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A small
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:4) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the given context is:3) The tangible substance that
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	In the context of the sentence, "lost" refers to the failure to keep or maintain a piece of genetic material,
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the context of the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the context of the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constitute" in the context of the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence "When they found it last winter, Dr.
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the sentence "When they found it last winter" is:
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dubious" in the context of the sentence "When they found it last winter,
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "search" in the context of the sentence "When they found it last winter, Dr.
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doubts" in the given sentence is:1) The state of
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stemmed" in the given context is:3) Grow out of
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given context is:3) (used with count
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earlier" in the given sentence is:1) At an earlier time or
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:8) Establish after
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiments" in the given sentence is:1) The act of conduct
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mice" in the given sentence is:5) Any of numerous small rod
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the context of the sentence is:14) Assign a
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "transform" in the given context is:3) Change or alter in form,
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the given context is:3) Conforming with or const
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given context is:1) Like a cancer;
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "normal cells" which are being transformed into "cancerous ones."
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exactly" in the context of the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spot" in the context of the given sentence is:10) A point
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the sentence is:4) State as one
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the context of the sentence is:1) Cause to
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promoting" in the context of the sentence is:4) Contribute to
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) (
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) Try to
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suppressed" in the context of the sentence is:2) Reduce
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) (
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given context is:3) Examine and note
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Make a
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "human" is:2) Characteristic
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Make a
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identical" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Exactly
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned out" in the given context is:4) Prove to be
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:4)
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "observing" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Ob
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Harmed
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the given sentence is:12) A particular
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discover
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suddenly" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "puts" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Cause
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the context of the sentence is:2) Exactly
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "formation" in the context of the sentence is:3) Natural process that causes
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the context of the given sentence is:4) State as
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leader" in the context of the sentence is:9) A person who
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerging" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Become
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the sentence "Evidence now is emerging
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the sentence "Evidence now is emerging that the
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	In the given sentence, "Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved in other
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Establish
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breast" in the given context is:6) Either of two soft f
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	In the context of the given sentence, "copy" refers to a replication or duplication of a part of a chrom
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spot" in the given context is:10) A point located with respect
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the given sentence is:4) State as one
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In many
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strikes" in the context of the given sentence is:12)
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given context is:1) One of the persons who compose
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Certain to
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "families" in the context of the given sentence is:6) People desc
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Rece
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Harmed
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the given sentence is:12) A particular
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "implicated" in the context of the sentence "The p53 gene has just been
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the find
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the sentence is:9) Immediately past
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive days
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Report or maintain
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given context is:5) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence is:25) Carry
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:2) Part of an organism
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tested" in the given context is:6) Undergo a test
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	In the context of the sentence, "missing" refers to the absence of a gene in the cells taken from lung cancer t
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given context is:3) A written document describing the
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:1) Up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:2) Part of an organism
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence is:22) Remove something
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the given context is:4) That part of the central
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "At the same time" in the given sentence is:2) Overlapping
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rushing" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Act or
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in the context of the sentence "Dr. Vogelstein hopes soon
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Con
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "close" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) Not far distant
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the context of the sentence is:10) Make a
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Con
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given context is:2) A subdivision of a
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Expect
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) Expect
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherit" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Receive
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A thing
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Con
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given context is:2) Comparative of much; to
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the context of the sentence is:5) Commonly encountered
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is discovered
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the sentence "Where these discoveries will lead, scientists
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculate" in the context of the given sentence is:2) T
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the context of the sentence is:6) Greater in scope
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unit" in the context of the sentence is:7) An organization regarded as
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "collaborating" in the given context is:1) Work together on a
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hunters" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Channel one'
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is discovered
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the sentence is:10) Original and of
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the given sentence is:4) State as one
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Original and
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slow" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Reduce the
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reverse" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Reverse the
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Use as a
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produced" in the context of the sentence is:8) Bring forth
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:6) Your intention; what you intend
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administer" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Give or
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Having
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "versions" in the given context is:6) Something a little different from others
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening or existing
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replace" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Substitute
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Having
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "versions" in the given context is:2) A written work (as a
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come close" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Nearly
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:4) State as one's
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "witnessing" in the given sentence is:2) Perceive
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discover
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given context is:2) Used to form the super
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of great significance
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steps" in the context of the sentence provided is:11) Structural
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genesis" in the given context is:2) A coming into being
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teach" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Impart
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the context of the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "write" in the context of the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	In the context of the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to read, write, and reckon?",
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the sentence "It's that we do not want
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A rational mot
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Feel
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Able
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Know
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "require" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Consider obligatory
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relinquish" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "metaphysical" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beliefs" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (used
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (plural
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "violate" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Act in
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interests" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Something that
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beliefs" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Any
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:10) To a very great extent
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dominate" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Be in
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Prov
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the context of the given sentence is:8)
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A person
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the context of the given sentence is:6) In spite of
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given context is:1) A father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Seem
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blasphemous" in the context of the given sentence is:2
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Take exception
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence, "Here is an example," is:1
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "example" in the given sentence is:5) A representative form or pattern
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Address a question
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sample" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A small part
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given context is:2) Of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given context is:1) A father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Make or
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given context is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A statement (
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mean" in the context of the sentence "But what do we mean, specifically, by
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	In the given sentence, "No one can say," the word "one" is used to refer to a single person or
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equated" in the given sentence is:1) Consider or describe as similar
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourages" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generation" in the context of the given sentence is:5) All the
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (used
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incompetence" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matched" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Be equal
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:2) And nothing more
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" in the context of the sentence is:16) Having desirable
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opinion" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Including
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An abstract
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Know
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "romantic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Belong
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rebellion" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Ref
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disciplined" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Tra
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instruction" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The activities
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authoritarian" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Ex
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "repression" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The act
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frustration" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The feeling
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "latent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Potentially
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talents" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Inher
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Up to
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potentialities" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "souls" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given context is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the context of the sentence "It is not surprising that parents find this rom
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "romantic" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Expressive
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:7) To a certain unspecified
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attractive" in the given sentence is:1) Pleasing to the
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Resembling
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Feel
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence is:13) Come into possession
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decent" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Socially
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "demands" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Require
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commitment" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The act
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survive" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Cont
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "adolescent" in the given sentence is:2) Being of the age
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illiteracy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the given sentence is:2) The time yet to come
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "determined" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Re
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A position
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allow" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Allow the presence
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevail" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Prove
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illusions" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Something
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	In the context of the sentence, "share" is best defined by option 3) Have in common. The sentence discuss
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the given sentence is:8) A public or
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fight" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Fight against
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A rational
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Having few parts
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A rational mot
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Progressive" in the context of the sentence "Progressive education" is:
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) At a previous time;
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the context of the sentence "Progressive education (as it was once called
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "far" in the given context is:3) At or to a certain point
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agreeable" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Con
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disciplined" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Tra
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instruction" in the given context is:4) The activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nice" in the given sentence is:5) Pleasant or pleasing or
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Have
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personality" in the given sentence is:2) The complex of all the
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:8) (biology
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	In this context, "even" is used as an intensifier to emphasize the niceness of the situation being described.
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nicer" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Pleasant
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minimize" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Make
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tests" in the given sentence is:6) Any standardized procedure for meas
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In many
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	In the given sentence, "results" refers to the outcomes or consequences of the tests that teachers often find disappointing.
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provides" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Give something
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "profession" in the given sentence is:3) An occupation requiring special education
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the sentence is:10) Go successfully
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Education im
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given context is:2) Relating to the
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given context is:2) Relating to the
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "philosophy" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the context of the sentence "I myself took such courses in college,
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:6) Education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "college" in the given sentence is:1) An institution of higher education
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thinking" in the context of the sentence "I myself took such courses in college,
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	In the given sentence, "They could all fairly be described as 'pap' courses," the most suitable dictionary definition for
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given sentence is:3) Give a description of
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in the given sentence is:2) Worthless or o
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:6) Education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distinct" in the context of the sentence "But it is unfair to dump on
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the sentence "But it is unfair to dump
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the context of the given sentence is:8)
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seriously" in the context of the given sentence is:1) To a
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Bound
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teaching" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The activities
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brightest" in the context of the sentence provided is:8) Having
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generation" in the given sentence is:5) All the people living at
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	In the given sentence, "They may not be among the ``best and brightest'' of their generation -- there are very
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jobs" in the given sentence is:14) The state of being
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:6) (often used as a
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remember" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Recall
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truly" in the context of the sentence "Yes, we all can remember one or
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proceeded" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Follow
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competent" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Pro
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sense" in the given sentence is:7) The meaning of a word
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teacher" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Consider or
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	In the given sentence, "one" is used to refer to a single person or thing, specifically a teacher, in comparison
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brilliant" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Having or
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) Easy to believe on
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competent" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Pro
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "serves" in the context of the given sentence is:15) Ser
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:12) In a manner affording
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of great significance
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factor" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Anything
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the sentence "Our teachers are not an important
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equity" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The quality
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Rel
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Expect
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Give
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "better" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of `well
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence is:13) Come into possession
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unions" in the context of the given sentence is:10) An
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mind" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Be concerned with
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spreading" in the context of the given sentence is:11) C
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "narrow" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Lack
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:2) An anticipated outcome that
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) A person active in party
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Find out,
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "helps" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Contribute
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strike" in the context of the given sentence is:19) Del
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friendly" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Incl
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "posture" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (be
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) As the agent of or
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of great significance
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shred" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A tiny
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An indic
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the sentence "But there is not one shred of evidence
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the context of the sentence is:5) An entity that
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Having the same
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differentials" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Come about or
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Rel
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differentials" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) A perceptible indic
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sure" in the context of the sentence "If there were such evidence, you can
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Feel
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "serious" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Concern
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exactly" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In a
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Indicating
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Important in
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:11) A building where young
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scattered" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Occ
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poorest" in the context of the sentence is:6) Characterized
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Resembling
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "majority" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The property
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:11) A building where young
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "efforts" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) E
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to the
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reform" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A change
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doomed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (us
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "really" in the given sentence is:4) In fact (used as
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the context of the sentence "We really do know all we need to know
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assimilate" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respect" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The condition
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mute" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Expressed
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:3) To some (great
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inclined" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "echo" in the context of the given sentence is:3) To say again
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conventional" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Following
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in the given sentence is:2) Worthless or o
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Thus" in the given context is:2) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of the
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governors" in the given context is:3) The head of a
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Know
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "announced" in the given context is:3) Announce publicly or
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:3) The territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "needs" in the given sentence is:2) Have or feel a need
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:3) A plan of action adopted by
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Act of impro
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action adopted by
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governors" in the given sentence is:3) The head of a
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seem" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Seem
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Anything
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extending" in the context of the sentence "What Gov. Clinton is advoc
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Prov
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A group of
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Worth
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A system of
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Rel
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A system of
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	In the given sentence, "very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade," the word "very
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the context of the given sentence is:1) At or
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exposure" in the context of the given sentence is:11)
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schooling" in the given sentence is:3) The process of being formally
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	In the given sentence, "improves" refers to the act of making something better or enhancing performance. Therefore
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The act
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the sentence "We know that very early exposure to school
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grade" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A number or
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A significant
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quickly" in the context of the given sentence is:1) With little
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	In the context of the given sentence, "washed away" metaphorically refers to the diminishing or elimination
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum up" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Give a
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the sentence is:5) Be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Know
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Know
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reforms" in the context of the sentence about education would be:2)
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the sentence about education reforms is:14
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the sentence about education reforms is:14
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parental" in the context of the sentence "Parental involvement is a bad idea
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the sentence about education and education reforms is:
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bad" in the context of the sentence "Parental involvement is a bad idea"
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A personal view
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the given sentence is:1) To a degree exceeding
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the context of the sentence "Parents are too likely to blame schools
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blame" in the context of the sentence "Parents are too likely to blame
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the context of the sentence is:2) An educational institution
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Prov
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limitations" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The quality
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the sentence "Parents should be involved with their
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Know
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the context of the sentence "Parents should be involved with their children'
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence is:20) Be careful or
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kids" in the given sentence is:1) A young person of either
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "play" in the context of the sentence "They should see to it that their kids
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	In the given sentence, "They should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework," the word "spend
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A period of
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrutinize" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "option" in the given sentence is:2) One of a number of things
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "switching" in the context of the sentence "If parents are dissatisfied with a
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Community" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A group
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the sentence "Community involvement is an even
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	In this context, "even" is used as an intensifier to emphasize the negative opinion being expressed about "community invol
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worse" in the context of the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the context of the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place;
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Locally" in the given sentence is:1) By a particular locality
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cities" in the given context is:1) A large and densely
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Enter or
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ambitious" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Having
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Usually;
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corrupt" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Lack
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given context is:2) A person active in party
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given context is:2) A person active in party
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the given sentence is:14) A way of doing something
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trying" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Make an
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the given sentence is:6) A group of independent but inter
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "school" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A building
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of gover
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	In this context, "even" is used to indicate something unexpected or contrary to what might be anticipated. The sentence suggests
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cities" in the given context is:1) A large and densely
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institute" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Set up
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) The superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditures" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Know
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) The set of
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Easy
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "In most states, increasing expenditures
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the context of the given sentence is:10) A
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worse" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (com
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "better" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (com
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An explanation of
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Easy and
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "influence" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	In the given sentence, "money" is used to describe the influence or impact that financial resources can have in a particular
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Decades" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 1
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to the
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tell" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Inform posit
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the context of the given sentence is:3) In fact (
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "classes" in the context of the given sentence is:10) A body
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Associ
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The act
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pupils" in the given sentence is:1) A young person att
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Worth
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Very unusual;
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A rational
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Wealth
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flows" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be abund
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piling" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Press tight
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	In the given sentence, "The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself p
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	In the given sentence, "The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself p
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mystery" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:1) Providing knowledge
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditures" in the given context is:2) The act of
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "real" in the context of the sentence is:6) (of property)
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in the given context is:2) Become bigger or
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sharply" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Very suddenly
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:2) Earlier than the present
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spend" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Pay out
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given context is:2) Comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pupil" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not the same
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:1) Providing knowledge
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The act
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "declined" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Go down
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence, "That is the way the system works," is:
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the sentence "Students should move up the
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Associ
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the context of the sentence "Students should move up the educational
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allows" in the context of the sentence "Students should move up the educational
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in the given sentence is:3) Someone (especially a
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permitted" in the given sentence is:2) Consent to, give
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "graduated" in the given sentence is:2) Receive an academic
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mastered" in the given sentence is:4) Have a firm understanding or
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:8) A relative position or degree of
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	In the context of the given sentence, "prevailed" most closely aligns with definition 5) Be valid,
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in the given context is:4) Destine or designate
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Most important element
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in the given context is:2) An anticipated outcome that
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permit" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Make it
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flourish" in the context of the given sentence is:2) G
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clearly" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Without doubt
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the given context is:2) Worth having or seeking
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the given context is:2) Comparative of little
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence is:13) Come into possession
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Absol
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entering" in the context of the given sentence is:3) To come
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the context of the given sentence is:8) People in general
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Activity directed
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in the given sentence is:2) An anticipated outcome that
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (used
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the context of the given sentence is:11) An adult
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An adult
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Perce
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the context of the sentence "The purpose of education is to encourage young
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Associ
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The inher
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:3) In actual fact5
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Expect
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Having the same
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Associ
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The inher
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Usually;
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Worth
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Put into service
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:1) To a degree (not
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "newer" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Not of
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "older textbooks." Here, "ones" is used to represent a
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In many
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dubious" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Open
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "psychological" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:3) To some (great
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Rel
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An explanation
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:7) To a certain unspecified
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "influence" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wants" in the given context is:4) Feel or have a
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appreciate" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Be
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "just" is:6) Indic
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given context is:2) The general state of
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given context is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "add" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Make an addition
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	In the given sentence, "subtract" is used in the context of students not being able to "add or subtract
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "learning" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Gain knowledge
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	In the context of the given sentence, "basis" refers to the fundamental assumptions or principles from which something is begun,
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Look at,
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "article" in the given context is:2) Nonfictional prose
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of the
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A university student
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Most" in the given sentence is:2) Used to form the
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of great significance
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An educational
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principals" in the context of the given sentence is:7)
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the context of the sentence is:2) Above average in
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A basis for
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the context of the sentence is:1) The power or
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faculty" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The body
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matters" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A v
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A learner
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Study" in the context of the given sentence is:9) App
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given context is:2) Used to form the super
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tells" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Let something
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An educational
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outside" in the context of the sentence provided is:9) Functioning
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interference" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The act
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governed" in the context of the sentence is:3) Exerc
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "powerful" in the context of the sentence provided is:6) Having great
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the sentence is:16) A person who
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The power
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the context of the sentence "With that authority, of course, goes
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unambiguous" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Ad
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Schools" in the given sentence is:2) An educational institution
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produce" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Give rise
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Greater
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morale" in the given sentence is:2) The spirit of a group
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "superior" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of high
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Associ
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The act
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ruffled" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Tr
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	In the given sentence, "one" refers to a single person or thing. The context suggests that there is a specific fact
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:7) To a certain unspecified
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publishes" in the context of the sentence is:2) Have (one
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bleary" in the context of the sentence "Haney peered doubtfully at
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the context of the sentence "Haney peered doubtfully at
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:10) Suffer from; be
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ready" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Completely
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (either spoken
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surprise" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The aston
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fit" in the context of the sentence "He had no ready answer, as much from
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the context of the given sentence is:11) An adult
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drunk" in the context of the sentence "Was the man drunk or cra
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crazy" in the context of the sentence "Was the man drunk or cra
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matched" in the context of the sentence is:7) Make equal,
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the context of the sentence "But his new-found buddy had matched
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "count" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The total number
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given context is:5) The organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "The guy is off his rocker
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Emitting
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Beyond
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the context of the given sentence is:4) High
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cold" in the context of the sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Feelings
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the context of the sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the context of the sentence "Why hadn't he noticed it before
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drunk" in the context of the sentence "No, the man was not drunk
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the context of the sentence "He wondered how he got tied
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remembered" in the context of the sentence "But, of course, he remembered
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steady" in the context of the sentence "It was blurred, after
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinking" in the given sentence is:3) The act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occasion" in the given sentence is:6) An event that occurs at
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the sentence is:34) The striking part
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) The content
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Set
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cross" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Travel across
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) The part of a thoroughfare
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "light" in the context of the sentence is:9) Having abundant light
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roared" in the context of the sentence provided is:6) Make a
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intersection" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A j
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brakes" in the given sentence is:3) A restraint used
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "howled" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Emit
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "horn" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A device on
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blared" in the given context is:1) Make a loud noise
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the given sentence is:16) Hit against
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called out" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Utter
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A particular point
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the context of the sentence "His shout had been involuntary,
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cared" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Feel
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the given sentence is:16) Hit against
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regretted" in the given sentence is:1) Feel remor
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opened" in the context of the given sentence is:11) C
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouth" in the given sentence is:7) The opening through which food is
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) A large truck designed
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stop" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A spot where
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "angry" in the given context is:3) Feeling or showing anger
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:4) Someone who drives a tr
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jumped" in the context of the sentence is:10) J
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cab" in the given sentence is:2) A compartment at the
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arm" in the given context is:1) A human limb; techn
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shoulders" in the context of the sentence is:4) The part of
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "By then, the stranger was thanking Han
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friend" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A person you
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:5) The operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:10) Set in motion,
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "curse" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Wish
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plot" in the given sentence is:1) A secret scheme to do something
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ruin" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Destroy
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the context of the given sentence is:8) An extreme att
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saved" in the context of the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked square
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:22) Change orientation or direction
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the context of the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the given sentence is:10) The front of the human
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the context of the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the context of the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked square
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:4) Someone who drives a tr
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:10) Put an end to
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swearing" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Ut
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:21) Alter the functioning
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heel" in the context of the sentence "Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "Haney hadn't given
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "Haney hadn't given
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:8) The continuum of experience in
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recalled" in the given sentence is:3) Call to mind
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Have
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence is:15) Perceive
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The organ
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "Now he recalled it very clearly, and
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:5) A category of things distinguished by
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the given sentence is:4) Physical appearanceIn
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bluff" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Preten
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the context of the sentence "It must have been the sort of look
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the context of the given sentence is:9) A unit of
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "light" in the context of the sentence "When the light went their way, they went
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:14) A journey or passage
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went on" in the context of the sentence "When the light went their way,
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the given sentence is:5) A thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found out" in the given sentence is:4) Get to know or become
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is:1) Preferred above all
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bars" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Tavern consisting
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "insisted" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Be em
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offering" in the context of the sentence is:14) Give
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "buy" in the context of the sentence "And when the stranger found out that Phil
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drink
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the context of the sentence is:19) Change location
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept to himself" in the given sentence is:1) Shun the
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Be se
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the context of the given sentence is:9) A place
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passing" in the context of the sentence is:15) Pass time
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A period of
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	In the context of the given sentence, "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in a corner and passing
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the context of the sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the given sentence is:1) Reach, make,
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mind" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Be concerned with
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:7) A social gathering of guests
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "free" in the context of the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drink
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" in the context of the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "job" in the given sentence is:7) The occupation for which you are
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the context of the sentence "Now he wondered if it was
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "having" in the context of the sentence "Now he wondered if it was worth
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screwball" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the context of the sentence "He really didn't take the offer seriously
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offer" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Something offered
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the context of the sentence "He really didn't take the offer
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uneasy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Caus
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:13) Come into possession of
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given context is:5) Be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gave" in the context of the sentence is:33) Submit
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given context is:4) Stay in one place
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the given context is:2) A statement (either spoken
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	In the given sentence, "seem" is used to describe how Pete appeared to the speaker, specifically in terms of
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wink" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Signal
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the given context is:8) Continue a certain
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stare" in the given context is:2) Look at with fixed eyes
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weak" in the context of the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laugh" in the context of the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh"
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the sentence "Guess I can't think of
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Thanks" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An acknowledgment
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faint" in the context of the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crease" in the given sentence is:1) An angular or rounded shape
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeared" in the context of the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the sentence "I think you are not taking me seriously
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taking" in the context of the sentence "I think you aren't taking
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meant" in the context of the sentence "I meant it" is:
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the context of the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge"
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the sentence "I might have got hit by that truck
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) A large truck designed
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returning" in the context of the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favors" in the context of the sentence "I believe in returning favors"
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the context of the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cost" in the given sentence, "It won't cost you a cent, Phil
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "try" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Make an effort
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rubbed" in the context of the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forehead" in the given sentence is:2) The part of the face
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the context of the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woolly" in the context of the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "Maybe it would be better to humor the gu
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exit" in the context of the sentence "Maybe it would be better to humor the gu
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Regard something
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the sentence "He really didn't expect anything to come
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conceded" in the given context is:3) Be willing to conced
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be cogniz
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keeps" in the context of the sentence "He keeps riding me because I like
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "riding" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Be
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the given sentence is:1) Find enjoyable or agreeable
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "listen" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Listen and
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "radio" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An electronic receiver
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Produce t
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bath" in the given sentence is:5) You soak and was
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the context of the sentence "He says the neighbors complain,
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "neighbors" in the given sentence is:1) A person who
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complain" in the given sentence is:2) Express complaints, dis
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the context of the sentence "He says the neighbors complain,
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tell" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Let something
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothers" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Cause
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "closed" in the context of "The man closed his eyes" is:6
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the context of the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the context of the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nod
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the context of the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the context of the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Fine" in the given context is:2) An expression of agreement normally
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Give" in the context of the sentence "Give me your address" is:
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "address" in the context of the sentence "Give me your address" is:
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is:1
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the sentence "It will take a little time" is:
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Consider in
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "habits" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Accepted
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "movements" in the context of the given sentence is:14) The
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "You see, I always make it look like
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "You see, I always make it look like
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suicide" in the given sentence is:3) The act of killing
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looks" in the context of the sentence "Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A source
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flew" in the context of the sentence "Haney's ey
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloud
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) A unit of time equal
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney could
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood up" in the context of the sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the context of the sentence "Five minutes later, before Han
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "farewell" in the given sentence is:2) An acknowledgment or expression
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watched" in the given sentence is:4) See or watch
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the context of the sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of hair
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slip" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Move
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "door" in the given sentence is:6) Anything providing a means
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Undergo
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence is:13) See or watch
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Seem
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notice" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Notice or
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "departure" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the context of the sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stay" in the context of the sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:8) The continuum of experience in
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the sentence is:15) Pass time
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Being definitely
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given context is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:5) A small open container usually used
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returned" in the given sentence is:8) Go or come back to
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "putting" in the context of the sentence "Some time before midnight he returned to
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Including
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incident" in the given sentence is:1) A single distinct event
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mind" in the context of the sentence "Some time before midnight he returned to his
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:2) Immediately following in time
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given sentence is:8) Some point or period in time
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hangover" in the given sentence is:3) Disagreeable after
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminded" in the given sentence is:2) Put in the mind
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:5) The time between sunset and
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hangover" in the given sentence is:3) Disagreeable after
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminded" in the given sentence is:2) Put in the mind
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the context of the sentence is:20) Enter or
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given context is:8) Some point or period in time
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the sentence is:6) Pass by
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Possess
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tenants" in the given context is:1) Someone who pays rent
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An on
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:15) The condition of living or
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ignored" in the context of the sentence "Phil shrugged and ignored
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the context of the sentence "By Wednesday the landlord
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mailed" in the given sentence is:2) Send via the postal service
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "check" in the context of the sentence is:5) A written order direct
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "maintenance" in the context of the sentence is:1) Court-
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wished" in the given sentence is:2) Make or express a wish
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence is:11) Carry out
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Coming" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:9) Where you live at a particular
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:7) The principal activity in your life
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "Coming home from work, he was start
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lobby" in the given sentence is:1) A large entrance or
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the context of the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talking" in the context of the sentence "Inside the lobby,
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spine" in the given sentence is:3) The series of vertebra
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crawled" in the given sentence is:2) Move slowly; in
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "premonition" in the given sentence is:1) An early warning about
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:4) Address a question to and
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fellow" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A person
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tenants" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who pays rent
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happened" in the given sentence is:3) Happen, occur
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "died" in the context of the sentence "The landlord had died" is
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "afternoon" in the given sentence is:1) The part of the day
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fallen" in the context of the sentence "Late that afternoon, it seemed,
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the given sentence is:3) A protective covering that
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obscure" in the context of the sentence "Late that afternoon, it seemed
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "witnessed" in the given sentence is:1) Be a witness
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fall" in the given sentence is:15) A free and rapid descent
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful consequence;
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:13) An individual 3-
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smashed" in the given context is:8) Break suddenly into pieces,
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pavement" in the given sentence is:3) The paved surface
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basement" in the given sentence is:1) The lowermost portion
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "delivery" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The act
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entrance" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something that
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blood" in the given sentence is:5) The fluid (red in
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drain" in the context of the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cheeks" in the given sentence is:3) Either side of the face
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muttered" in the given sentence is:1) Talk indistinct
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "terrible" in the given sentence is:4) Intensely or extremely
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deliberate" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slowness" in the given sentence is:1) A rate demonstrating an
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elevator" in the given sentence is:2) Lifting device consisting
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poured" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Pour out
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drink
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the given sentence is:5) The (prehensile
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flopped" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Fail
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chair" in the given sentence is:8) Furniture that is
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Be conscious
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothered" in the context of the given sentence is:3) C
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the context of the sentence "After a while he began to feel better about
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A sentence of
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happy" in the given sentence is:1) Enjoying or showing
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lousy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Very
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A person having
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suffered" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Exper
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the sentence "Really, he said to himself,
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the context of the sentence "Really, he said to himself,
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given context is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the context of the sentence "Really, he said to himself,
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mean" in the context of the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the context of the sentence "The stranger's eyes were large and sad
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sad" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Experien
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hurt" in the context of the sentence "The stranger's eyes were large and
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dream" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A series
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dream" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A series
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beginning" in the context of the sentence "It was like a recurrent, anno
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overtones" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nightmare" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the context of the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dream" in the context of the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tight" in the context of the sentence "He might be very tight, but he
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the context of the sentence "He might be very tight, but he
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Closely
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bar" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A room or
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:5) The time between sunset and
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:11) Serve oneself to
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "excuse" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Consume
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in the given context is:1) Occurring or encountered
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Be se
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in the given sentence is:1) Occurring or encountered
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the context of the given sentence is:9) A place
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the sentence "He had been sitting in the usual corner
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talkative" in the given context is:3) Friendly and open
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friendly" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Incl
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enjoying" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Der
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:2) Any customary observance
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "washing down" in the given sentence is:1) Eat food
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pet" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A domesticated
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bourbon" in the given sentence is:3) Whiskey distilled
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "water" in the context of the sentence "bourbon slightly moistened with water"
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the context of the sentence "This favorite grievance was not
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the context of the sentence "This favorite grievance was not
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forgotten" in the context of the sentence "He had already quite forgotten about
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mentioned" in the context of the sentence "In fact, he had only mentioned him
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "real" in the context of the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the context of the sentence "His real grievance was
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:10) The point
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the sentence is:14) Engage in
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wet" in the context of the sentence is:5) Covered or
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rings" in the context of the sentence is:3) A characteristic sound
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the context of the sentence is:4) The lowest part of
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:11) A container for holding liqu
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:1) Enter or assume a certain
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aware" in the given sentence is:1) (sometimes followed by `
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:4) Perceive with attention
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The organ
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the context of the sentence "He looked up with bloodshot eyes and
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiling" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Change one
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "secret" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) (of information
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "name" in the given context is:6) A language unit by which a
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence "He hadn't even noticed -- what
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sit down" in the given context is:2) Be seated
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncanny" in the given sentence is:2) Suggesting the operation
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in the context of the given sentence is:10) A domin
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noise" in the context of the sentence "The man was uncanny, like
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in the context of the given sentence is:10) A domin
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shrinking" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trapped" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the context of the given sentence is:12) The
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) Of hair
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:5) Have a beginning, of
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the given sentence is:3) Feel or express a
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shouted" in the given sentence is:3) Utter or declare
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part of the
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) A large truck designed
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bore down" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Ex
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crossing" in the given sentence is:4) Street crossing where pedest
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saddled" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Load
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "creep" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Some
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the given sentence is:10) Set in motion, cause
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the context of the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "places" in the given sentence is:15) A general vicinity
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the context of the sentence is:9) Used of sounds
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voice" in the context of the given sentence is:12) Something suggest
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:4) Address a question to and
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Enjo
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the given sentence is:15) Reach
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mistake" in the given sentence is:1) A wrong action att
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answering" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Show a
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be fully
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skepticism" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Dou
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the context of the sentence is:9) Give expression to
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the context of the sentence is:10) The front of
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voice" in the context of the sentence is:6) The sound made by
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the context of the sentence "Pete frowned slightly, then
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sad" in the context of the sentence "Pete frowned slightly, then
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moody" in the given sentence is:3) Subject to sharply
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the sentence "Haney didn't want to
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:8) A social or business visitor
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Be conscious
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "buy" in the context of the sentence "Haney didn't want
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Any liquid
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:2) Stop (someone or something
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening or existing
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A source
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the sentence "But there was no trouble" is:
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	In the context of the given sentence, "The guy sulked over his drink, obviously upset by Haney '
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upset" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Cause
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appreciation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "break" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence,
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncomfortable" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfort
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "silence" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talk" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complaining" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Express
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The subject matter
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A unit
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given context is:4) Notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A sense
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the context of the sentence is:7) Indicate a
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alert" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Mentally
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the context of the given sentence is:10) The front
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	In the context of the sentence, "bright eyes" is used to describe the listener's alert and attentive
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the context of the sentence is:5) The organ of
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paused" in the given sentence is:1) Cease an action tempor
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moisten" in the given sentence is:1) Make moist
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "throat" in the given sentence is:1) The passage to the
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "broke in" in the context of the given sentence is:2) In
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pay" in the context of the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bills" in the context of the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Very unusual;
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the context of the given sentence is:11) An adult
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the given sentence is:4) State as one
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "divorce" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Get
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bitch" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A person
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "love" in the given sentence is:1) Have a
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence "Then she'd get half of everything I
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) One of two equal parts of
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the sentence "Then she'd get half of everything I
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the context of the sentence "Community property deal -- you know."
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "business" in the context of the sentence "I'd have to sell out my
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "share" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Assets belonging
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the context of the sentence "Pete nodded understandingly"
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "Now I see" is:1
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Know and
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:5) The way something is with respect
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the context of the sentence "I came out here to retire"
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retire" in the context of the sentence "I came out here to retire"
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "That's why I -- why I do
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "free" in the context of the sentence "That's why I -- why I do
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "job" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The principal activity
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "told" in the context of the sentence "You should have told me about her before
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo an emotional
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "twinge" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt a twinge of
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "annoyance" in the given sentence is:5) The psychological state
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt a twinge of
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiar" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt a twinge of
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wild" in the context of the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouded" in the context of the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the context of the given sentence is:4) That part
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Suppose" in the given sentence is:2) Expect, believe,
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suppose" in the given sentence is:2) Expect, believe,
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An inform
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Express
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "professional" in the context of the sentence "A retired professional killer" would be
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killer" in the context of the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nut" in the given sentence is:7) A whimsically eccent
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harm" in the given sentence is:1) The act of damaging something
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the context of the sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "But if he was the real thing, he
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo an emotional
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cunning" in the given sentence is:1) Marked by skill in
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proud" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Feeling
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "played" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Put
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "soft spot" in the given sentence is:1) A place of especial vulner
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offense" in the given sentence is:2) A lack of politeness
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intended" in the context of the sentence "No offense intended, he said g
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloud
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suspect" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Hold
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the context of the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a thing
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the sentence "After all, I didn't know you
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "managed" in the context of the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence, "The stranger was hooked," is:
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hooked" in the context of the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the context of the sentence "His eyes burned feverish
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burned" in the context of the sentence "His eyes burned feverish
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muttered" in the given sentence is:1) Talk indistinct
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the context of the sentence "Of course it looked like an accident"
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:12) A suitable
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the context of the sentence "I always work it that way -- and always
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alibi" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Let" in the context of the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil." is:
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prove" in the context of the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil." is
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the sentence "I think I can manage one more favor
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the context of the sentence "I think I can manage one more favor
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waited" in the context of the sentence "He waited eagerly" is:
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liquor" in the given sentence is:2) An alcoholic be
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the context of the sentence "Haney swished the liquor in
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:11) A container for holding liqu
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rout" in the given context is:2) An overwhelming defeat
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backed" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Be behind
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:2) Relating to a
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	In the given sentence, the term "candidate" refers to a person who is running for public office. Therefore,
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminder" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A message
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "federal" in the given context is:4) Of or relating
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A relative position
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "political" in the given context is:2) Involving or characteristic
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:2) Earlier than the present
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:2) Relating to a
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the given sentence is:5) A vote to select the
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nation" in the given sentence is:1) A politically organized body
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	In the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "choose" is:2) Select as an alternative over
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the given context is:3) An organization to gain political power
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	In the given sentence, the term "candidate" refers to a person who is running for public office, specifically for
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "percentage" in the given sentence is:2) A proportion in relation to
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equals" in the given sentence is:1) Be identical or equivalent to
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tend" in the given sentence is:1) Have a tendency or
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Promote
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Any competition
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) The person
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:2) Relating to a
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the given sentence is:5) A vote to select the
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:2) Relating to a
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "percentage" in the given context is:2) A proportion in relation to
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the given context is:8) Of greater importance or stature
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An organization to
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Regarded
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vote" in the given context is:5) A choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The person
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seats" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The legal
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Regarded
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vote" in the given context is:5) A choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opposite" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accounts for" in the given sentence is:2) Be the reason or
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of the
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 1
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Having few parts
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "partial" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Constituting
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "displayed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) To show
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Americans" in the given sentence is:4) A native or inhabit
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the given sentence is:8) The act of assuming
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brands" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A name
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "political" in the given context is:2) Involving or characteristic
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agents" in the given context is:2) A representative who acts on
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given context is:2
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brand" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A name given
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minimalist" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Adv
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A politically
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "virtues" in the given context is:3) Any admirable quality
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "private" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Confined to
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "markets" in the context of the given sentence is:6) The world
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vices" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Moral
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given context is:1) Not private; open to or
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	In the given sentence, "action" refers to the activities or measures taken by a government body or supranational organization
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brand" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A name given
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given context is:1) Not private; open to or
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intervention" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A policy
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	In the given sentence, "remedy" refers to the action taken to alleviate or correct the negative consequences or excess
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable dictionary definition for "excesses" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Im
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendant" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Following or
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pursuit" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition for "private" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Confined to
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Something that
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given context is:4) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Have or possess
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibilities" in the given context is:3) The proper sphere or
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "voting" in the given context is:5)
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A job in
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dealing" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Be
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Concern
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the context of the sentence is:3) An important question that
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given context is:8) Action taken by a group of
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "casting" in the context of the sentence is:8) Put or send
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A choice
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "legislation" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Law
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	In the context of the sentence, "imposes costs" refers to the action of imposing something unpleasant or bur
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "costs" in the context of the sentence is:3) Value measured by
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confers" in the given context is:2) PresentIn
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Something
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "population" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The number
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	In the context of the sentence, "attending to local issues" refers to the congressional representatives' responsibility to
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the context of the sentence is:3) An important question that
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the context of the sentence is:6) Work done by one
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given context is:4) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "belief" in the context of the sentence is:2) A personal belief
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minimalist" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Adv
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A politically
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Disposed
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Consume
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given context is:1) One of the persons who compose
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the context of the given sentence is:19) Be pert
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Any competition
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Turn so as
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the sentence is:7) Have or possess,
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lean" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Have a t
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "put" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Put into a
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (of a
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acquire" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Come into
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Something
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Keep from happening
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bringing home the bacon" in the given context is:1)
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	In the context of the sentence "Each legislator, after all, is only one out of 535 when it
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Concern
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A line of
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act that results in something coming to be. Therefore, the most suitable
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Any competition
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given sentence is:2) A positive motivational
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lean" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Have a t
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the given context is:6) The chief executive of a
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limit" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Place limits on
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Something
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Unique
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the given context is:6) The chief executive of a
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given context is:2) Has a good chance of being
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Producing
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "preventing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Keep from
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Something
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Being or
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Social or financial
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enhanced" in the context of the sentence "The individual voter's standing consequ
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Having few parts
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the context of the sentence "While this theory is exceedingly simple
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explain" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Make plain
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the context of the given sentence is:5) An entity
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in the given context is:2) Become bigger or
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the given sentence is:15) Pick
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:2) Earlier than the present
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A vote
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The person
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Arrival
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given context is:4) The organization that is
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	In the context of the sentence, "occupied" refers to the role or presence of the government in society. The most
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) The actions and activities assigned to
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "society" in the given context is:1) An extended social group having
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" is:3) A state
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	In the context of the given sentence, "confronting" refers to the situation or problem that voters are dealing with
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Any competition
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Ser
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the context of the sentence is:19) Be pertinent
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disdain" in the context of the given sentence is:1) L
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "love" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Have a
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given context is:3) A person who represents
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Being or
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constituents" in the given context is:2) A member of a
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appreciate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Rec
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specific" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (sometimes
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Something
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	In the context of the sentence, "wins" refers to the actions of a legislator obtaining advantages or benefits for
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overall" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Including
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "cost" is:3) Value measured
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not the same
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Car
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggests" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Concern
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A line of
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act that results in something coming to be. Therefore, the most suitable
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Properly
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the sentence is:7) Have ownership or possession
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (of a
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the context of the given sentence is:1) One of the
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vulnerable" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Enter or
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "immune" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (us
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defeat" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exception" in the given sentence is:2) An instance that does not conform
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trend" in the given sentence is:4) A general direction in which
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) An unsuccessful
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "freshman" in the given context is:1) Any new participant
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brought" in the given sentence is:6) Take something or somebody with
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An administrative unit
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "revolution" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A dr
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "running" in the context of the sentence is:35) Be affected by
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "freshmen" in the given sentence is:2) A first-year
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placed" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Place somebody
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emphasis" in the given sentence is:2) Special importance or significance
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned to
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spreading" in the context of the sentence "Because these freshmen placed far more
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "revolution" in the context of the sentence is:4) A drastic
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Concern
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A line of
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The act that
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicates" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Give
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attracting" in the context of the sentence "Fourth, the theory indicates
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A job in
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Potential" in the given sentence is:1) Expected to become
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discouraged" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "running" in the context of the given sentence is:18) Compete
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prospect" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The possibility
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defeat" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opponent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Some
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) Expected to become or
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be fully
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "works" in the context of the given sentence is:14) Have an
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hindered" in the given sentence is:1) Hinder or prevent
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attempts" in the given sentence is:2) Earnest and
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competitive" in the context of the given sentence is:3) In
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slate" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A list
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "partial" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Constituting
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An explanation of
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "held" in the context of the sentence is:13) Support or
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "share" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The allot
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "power" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Possession of
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (usually
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "translate" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Restate (
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Something
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strong" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Characterized by
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given context is:2) A positive motivational
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keep" in the context of the sentence is:9) Continue a certain
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given context is:3) A member of
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (of a
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggests" in the context of the given sentence is:5)
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fared" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Proceed
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Any competition
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "campaigns" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Concern
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A line of
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act that results in something coming to be. Therefore, the most suitable
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Regard something
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Disposed
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Consume
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "counterparts" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A person
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "empirical" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Der
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "Is there any empirical support for this theory
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pieces" in the context of the given sentence is:6) An item
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An indic
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The act
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Disposed
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Consume
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Rel
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	In the context of the given sentence, "colleagues" refers to individuals who are members of the same profession or class
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "First" in the given context is:2) Before another in time, space
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the context of the sentence is:7) Make a discovery,
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Concern
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" in the given context is:5) Personnel who assist their
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:1) A sum of money allocated
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given context is:3) A member of
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "primary" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of primary importance
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duty" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Work
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Concern
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Personnel
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involves" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Eng
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicates" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Be
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "political" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Invol
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "philosophy" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leads" in the context of the given sentence is:11) C
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "narrow" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Lack
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constituent" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The act
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "valid" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Well grounded
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given context is:3) A member of
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Have or possess
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The number
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rates" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A quantity
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:3) The total number of vot
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:3) The total number of vot
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reflect" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Manifest or
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Concern
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A line of
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The act that
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:3) The total number of vot
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A period of
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devote" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Set aside
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Give evidence
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the context of the given sentence is:21) A person
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:1) The number of people that
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) A quantity or amount or measure
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:1) The number of people that
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) A quantity or amount or measure
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Indicate
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given context is:6) A set of data arranged in
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given context is:3) A member of
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proportion" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) Concern
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staffs" in the given context is:5) Personnel who assist
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offices" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Place of
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duties" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Work
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Concern
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A line of
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act that results in something coming to be. So, the most suitable
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "activities" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Any specific
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" in the given context is:2) Estimated by comparison;
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offices" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Place of
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "examination" in the context of the given sentence is:2) F
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given context is:9) A relational difference between states
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Concern
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decisions" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "control" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The state that
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the context of the sentence is:3) A group of persons
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An organization to
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reveals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Make
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Concern
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differences" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	In the context of the given sentence, "noted" most closely aligns with definition 3) Observe with care
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A set of
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attributed" in the given context is:2) Attribute or credit to
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "control" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The state that
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given context is:3) A member of
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "exercise" is:2)
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "status" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The relative position
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Very unusual;
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "resources" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Available source
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committee" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A special
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Personnel
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given context is:10) An instance of some
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given context is:1) An indication that makes
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Holding" in the context of the sentence is:19) Be pert
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given context is:8) Anything that cont
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the given context is:1) Not subject or susceptible
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incumbency" in the given context is:3) The office of
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantages" in the given context is:2) Benefit resulting from
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regional" in the given context is:1) Related or limited to
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given context is:8) Anything that cont
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given context is:4) A significant change
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Representing
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given context is:5) A choice that is made
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:2) Relating to a
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:2) One of the 50
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conducting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Direct
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the given sentence is:5) A vote to select the
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given context is:4) Prove to be
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "positive" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Reck
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given context is:4) A relation such that one thing
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the given context is:3) Weight to be bor
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given context is:8) In law; the territory within
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progressive" in the given context is:6) (of taxes)
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hits" in the context of the sentence is:17) Kill intention
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given context is:7) Greater than normal in
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:2) One of the 50
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Put" in the given context is:2) Cause to be in a
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The person
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	In the given sentence, "looked on" refers to the act of considering or evaluating something, specifically how voters
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "severe" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Intens
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Seem
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the context of the sentence "Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Resembling
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A relative position
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "federal" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Of
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A relative position
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lines" in the context of the given sentence is:19) A pipe
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reverse" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A relation of
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "investigation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reveals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Make
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "holding" in the context of the sentence is:9) Contain or
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not the same
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Anyth
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not subject or
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The number
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given context is:2) One of the 50
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Of greater importance
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An organization to
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vote" in the given context is:5) A choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the context of the sentence is:20) Enter or assume
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	In the given sentence, the term "candidate" refers to a person who is running for a specific position, in
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "share" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Any of the
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the context of the sentence is:14) The lower legisl
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "positive" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Greater
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A relation such
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given context is:2) One of the 50
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "federal" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Of
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A specific
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the given sentence is:2) One of the
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "irrational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (be
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in the context of the given sentence is:1) To show,
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Consistent
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Primarily temporal
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) The time after sunset and
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devastating" in the context of the given sentence is:1) C
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earthquake" in the given sentence is:1) Shaking and
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "residents" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who lives at
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "searched" in the given sentence is:3) Search or seek
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comfort" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Satisf
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solace" in the given sentence is:2) Comfort in disappointment
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screen" in the context of the given sentence is:10) An electronic
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence is:15) Reach a
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	In the given sentence, "computers" refers to electronic devices that people used to connect and communicate with each other after the
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	In the context of the sentence, "link" refers to connecting computers in a way that allows them to communicate with each other
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	In the given sentence, "computers" refers to electronic devices that people used to connect and communicate with each other after the
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vivid" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Evoking
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the context of the given sentence is:19) To
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "electronic" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subscribers" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who contract
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the given sentence is:4) Inhabit or live in
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the context of the sentence "The Well came up, teeming
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teemed" in the given sentence is:2) Be teeming,
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emotional" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "electronic" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Of
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "traffic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The aggreg
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:13) A reading of a point
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Time" in the given sentence is:13) A reading of a point
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subscribers" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who contract
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "The time is Pacific Daylight Time, and
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identify" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Recogn
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "avenues" in the given sentence is:1) A line of approach
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given context is:7) A structure consisting of a room
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "I was in the avenues, on
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heart" in the given context is:7) The locus of feelings and
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fallen" in the context of the given sentence is:14) Go
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poster" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A sign
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frames" in the context of the sentence is:14) A framework that
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the context of the sentence is:2) A brittle
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given context is:8) The inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "open" in the context of the sentence "file cabinets open or dumped onto the
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given context is:8) The inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the context of the sentence "I was in my favorite watering
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the context of the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the context of the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole,
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:5) Perceive by a
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the context of the sentence "I felt the temblor begin" is
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glanced" in the given sentence is:2) Throw a glance at
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture having
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:1) Nearest in space or position
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the given context is:1) Change one's fa
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	In the given sentence, "guilty smile" refers to a facial expression that conveys a sense of guilt
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouthed" in the given context is:2) Express in speech
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "words" in the given context is:9) A unit of language that native
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth-quake" in the given context is:1) Shaking
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the context of the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes" in the context of the sentence "That's usually how long it takes
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pass" in the context of the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A person
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence is:33) Cause to
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Set
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of the sentence provided is:8) Shake
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "child" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A young person
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "toy" in the context of the given sentence is:5) An artifact
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "block" in the context of the given sentence is:14) A solid
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tossed" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Move
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "library" in the given sentence is:6) A building that houses a collection
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the sentence "I was in the Berkeley Main library when
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Endless" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Tires
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:12) 1/60
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondering" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Place
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "windows" in the given sentence is:10) A pane of glass
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "buckle" in the context of the given sentence is:2) F
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shower" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Spray
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the context of the sentence is:2) A brittle
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "books" in the given sentence is:8) Physical objects consisting of a
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fell" in the context of the sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paint" in the given sentence is:2) A substance used as
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shop" in the given sentence is:1) A mercantile establishment for
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is:8) The event of something burning (
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sent" in the context of the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cloud" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Any collection of
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "black" in the context of the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smoke" in the given sentence is:7) A cloud of fine particles
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "air" in the given sentence is:3) The mass of air surrounding the
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the sentence "My younger daughter and I are fine"
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shook" in the context of the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like hell" in the given sentence is:2) With great speed or effort
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the context of the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "getting" in the context of the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploding" in the context of the sentence is:6) Cause to
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the context of the sentence is:6) Cause to
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given context is:5) An entity that is not
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peaceful" in the given sentence is:1) Not disturbed by
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence, "A lot of car alarms went off,"
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "car" in the given sentence is:2) A motor vehicle with four whe
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alarms" in the context of the sentence "A lot of car alarms
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went off" in the context of the sentence "A lot of car alarms
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cats" in the given sentence is:2) Feline mammal
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the sentence "The cats are fine, although nerv
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nervous" in the context of the sentence "The cats are fine, although nerv
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is:8) The event of something burning (
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fill" in the context of the sentence "Areas that are made of `fill'
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liquefy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Be
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walk" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet to
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:5) A framework of wood or metal
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:7) A structure consisting of a room
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the given context is:5) A thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:7) A structure consisting of a room
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ground" in the context of the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driving" in the context of the sentence "I was driving my truck"
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Come to
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "red light" in the given sentence is:1) The signal to stop
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The intersection
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the given sentence is:16) Hit against
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines w
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the context of the given sentence is:4) See or
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the context of the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines w
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the context of the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines w
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drive" in the context of the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines w
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ft." in the given context is:1) A linear unit of length equal
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pier" in the given sentence is:1) A platform built out from
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dramatic" in the context of the given sentence is:3) S
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hairline" in the context of the sentence "Many hairline cracks in the
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cracks" in the context of the given sentence ("Many hairline cracks in the
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ruined" in the context of the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damn" in the given sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!" is
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the context of the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parts" in the context of the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cracking" in the context of the sentence "I heard parts of the building above
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "I actually thought that I might die"
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "die" in the context of the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decide" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Reach
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the sentence "I couldn't decide if I should come
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:9) Where you live at a particular
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stilts" in the given sentence is:1) One of two st
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the context of the sentence "I decided to brave the storm" is
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smell" in the given sentence is:4) The sensation that results
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gas" in the given sentence is:2) The state of matter distinguished from
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the given sentence is:14) Tra
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crossing" in the context of the sentence "There was a horrible smell of
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:15) Perce
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouds" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A visible
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:2) An indentation of a sh
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is:8) The event of something burning (
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence "I have felt many aftershocks
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "back" in the context of the sentence "My back is still in knots and my
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the context of the sentence "My back is still in knots and
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of the sentence "My back is still in knots and
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the sentence "I think a few of the aftersh
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the context of the sentence "I think a few of the aftershock
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of the sentence "I think a few of the aftersh
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "I could see the flames from San Francisco
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:2) An indentation of a sh
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the context of the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the context of the sentence "It's hard to believe this really
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the context of the sentence "It's hard to believe this
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:12) The point where three
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:3) Suffer or be sus
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "Building on the corner severely damaged
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lady" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An adult
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "Building on the corner severely damaged
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mother" in the given context is:6) A woman who has given
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Books" in the given sentence "Books and software everywhere" is:
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typed" in the given sentence is:2) Write by means of a
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (of persons
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "position" in the context of the sentence "This being typed in a standing position" is
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the context of the sentence "Didn't feel a thing,
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	In the context of the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird behavior," the most suitable
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the context of the sentence "Didn't feel a thing,
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bird" in the given sentence is:2) Warm-blooded egg
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the context of the sentence "Didn't feel a thing,
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Duck" in the given sentence "Duck swarms" is:
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swarms" in the context of the sentence "Duck swarms" would
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the context of the given sentence is:12) 1
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "numb" in the context of the sentence "I'm just numb" is
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	In the given sentence, "Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that's worst off,"
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "Downtown Bolinas seems to be
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "town" in the given sentence is:3) An urban area with a fixed
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phones" in the given context is:2) A hand-held
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mess" in the given sentence is:7) A state of confusion and dis
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wine" in the given sentence is:1) Fermented juice
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floors" in the given context is:8) The inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "big" in the context of the sentence is:3) Above average in
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "No power, minimal phones, and a
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quivers" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A sh
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A unit
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unpredictable" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intervals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A definite
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouse" in the given sentence is:5) Any of numerous small rodents
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "living" in the context of the sentence "The mouse that's been living in
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence "The mouse that's been living in
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "refuge" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) A safe
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distressed" in the given sentence is:4) Afflicted with
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolled" in the context of the sentence "I was in Stinson Beach when the qu
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "town" in the given sentence is:3) An urban area with a fixed
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given context is:10) A vaguely
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ran" in the context of the sentence is:44) Flee;
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "door" in the given sentence is:6) Anything providing a means
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	In the context of the given sentence, "spent" most closely aligns with definition 2) Pass time in a
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:2) Immediately following in time
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A unit
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the context of the given sentence is:4) See or
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brick" in the given sentence is:2) Rectangular block of cl
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feet" in the context of the given sentence is:11) The
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flowers" in the given context is:3) A plant cultivated for
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the context of the sentence is:1) Move in a
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rhythm" in the context of the given sentence is:6) An interval
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Amazing" in the given sentence is:3) Surprising greatly
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "does" in the given sentence is:16) Have sexual intercourse with
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	In the given sentence, "one" refers to a single person or thing. The context of the sentence is discussing the
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	In the given sentence, "one" refers to a single person or thing. The context of the sentence is discussing the
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the context of the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calm" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Seren
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surreal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Resemb
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the context of the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was this
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was this
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confusion" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A mental
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the context of the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the given context is:3) Seem to be true
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given context is:5) The time between sunset and
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in the context of the sentence is:11) Carry
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the context of the given sentence is:9) The audible
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lights" in the context of the sentence is:10) A visual
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friend" in the given sentence is:1) A person you know well and
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	In the given sentence, "underground" refers to a physical location beneath the surface of the ground. Therefore, the most
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computer" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for performing calculations
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "center" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A place
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Affect
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloud
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for performing calculations
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sliding" in the given sentence is:2) Move smoothly along a
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be fully
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Not easy;
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:7) The experience of being alive;
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence "I got home" is:1
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:9) Where you live at a particular
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "let" in the context of the sentence "I got home, let the dogs into the
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:16) A public building for g
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounds" in the given context is:3) The subjective sensation
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the sentence is:24) The upper part
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walking" in the context of the sentence is:9) Use one'
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A protect
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "car" in the given sentence is:2) A motor vehicle with four whe
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bouncing" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Move
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the context of the sentence "I realized what was happening and scream
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the context of the sentence "I realized what was happening and sc
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screamed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Ut
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:9) Dogs; wolves
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doors" in the given context is:1) A swinging or sl
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feet" in the context of the sentence is:11) The part
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:9) Dogs; wolves
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the context of the sentence is:6) Move toward,
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given context is:9) Dogs; wolves;
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the context of the sentence is:10) Be standing;
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the context of the given sentence is:4) See or
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outside" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Relating
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dance" in the context of the sentence "the outside trash cans dance across
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be fully
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the context of the sentence is:20) Enter or
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the context of the sentence is:10) Be standing;
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Stay
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "praying" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Call
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the sentence "waiting and praying for Merrill
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given context is:9) Where you live at a particular
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence is:11) Reach a
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the sentence "Never in my life have I been so
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saw" in the context of the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pictures" in the context of the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the context of the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cry" in the context of the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part of the
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given context is:3) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:9) Dogs; wolves
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walking around" in the given context is:3) Walk around something
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinking" in the given context is:5) Consume alcohol
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting down" in the given sentence is:2) Be seated
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meet" in the context of the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	In the context of the given sentence, "clients" refers to individuals who are seeking the services of a therapist
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" in the context of the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Set
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flimsy" in the given sentence is:2) Lacking solid
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:7) A thing constructed; a complex
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "built" in the context of the sentence "It's a flimsy structure,
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "supports" in the context of the sentence "It's a flimsy structure
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rocking" in the given sentence is:1) Move back and forth or
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the context of the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breathing" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Draw
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moment" in the given sentence is:6) A particular point in time
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the context of the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coming" in the context of the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the sentence "Needless to say, it was an
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "session" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A meeting devoted
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A source
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A person having
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	In the context of the given sentence, "spent" refers to the way time was passed during a difficult and unple
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A period of
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knowing" in the context of the sentence is:5) Be cogniz
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:10) Set in motion,
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolling" in the context of the sentence "Judy and I were in our back
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ocean" in the context of the sentence "Judy and I were in our
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waves" in the context of the sentence "Judy and I were in our
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ran" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:2) Immediately following in time
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is:3) Shaking and v
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "threw" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get M
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "air" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bounced" in the context of the sentence is:2) Spring back;
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Make an
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the sentence "We are all fine here, although M
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the context of the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crystal" in the context of the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Books" in the given sentence is:8) Physical objects consisting of
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tapes" in the context of the sentence "Books and tapes all over my
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "room" in the given sentence is:3) An area within a building en
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the given sentence is:5) An entity that is not named
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:16) A public building for g
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:7) A thing constructed; a complex
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Being satisf
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Be standing
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Stay
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is:3) Shaking and v
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerging" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Come up
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ground" in the context of the sentence is:8) Material in the top
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amazing" in the given sentence is:2) Inspiring a
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:12) 1/60
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given sentence is:2) Become different in some particular
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The experience of
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guess" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Expect
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "living" in the context of the sentence "I guess we're all living very
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Stay
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Not easy;
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accept" in the given sentence is:8) Give an affirmative reply
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the context of the sentence "It's hard to accept that it
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:12) 1/60
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wonder" in the context of the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the context of the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relax" in the context of the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Flesh" in the given sentence is:2) The soft tissue of
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the context of the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flight" in the context of the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fight" in the context of the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Nausea" in the given sentence is:2) The state that preced
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the context of the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace sympt
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commonplace" in the context of the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace sympt
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "symptom" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quiet" in the context of the sentence "Berkeley very quiet right now" is
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A particular
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morning" in the given sentence is:2) The earliest period
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Next" in the given sentence is:1) Nearest in space or position
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bundled" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Make into
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blue" in the context of the sentence is:4) Of the color intermediate
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sat up" in the given context is:2) Change to an u
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Utter
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given context is:2) An adult female person (
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the given context is:1) Change one's fa
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Utter
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "great" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) Very good
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) Having life
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agreed" in the context of the sentence "I agreed" is:
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plan" in the context of the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the context of the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given sentence is:2) The weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The concentration of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given context is:3) Writing that provides information (es
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reductions" in the context of the sentence is:7) The act of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Weight
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A limited period
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) The words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The most
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An agreement
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obstacles" in the given sentence is:1) An obstruction that
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "path" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A course of
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advance" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A change
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiation" in the given sentence is:1) A discussion intended to
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leaders" in the given context is:9) A person who is in
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) The words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Wealth
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "poor countries." Here, "ones" is used to represent a
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A limited period
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "range" in the given context is:3) A variety of different things or
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "options" in the given sentence is:2) One of a number of things
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the given sentence is:5) The subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upper limit" in the given context is neither of the provided options. The correct definition should
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "temperature" in the given sentence is:3) The degree of hotness
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rise" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A movement
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:8) A large number or amount or
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flexibility" in the given sentence is:1) The quality of being adapt
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the given sentence is:14) A way of doing something
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:4) The capital of the United
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representative" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) A
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given context is:3) Writing that provides information (es
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiation" in the given sentence is:1) A discussion intended to
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given context is:2) The main body of a written
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:2) The weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	In the given sentence, "official" refers to Yvo de Boer, who is the U.N.'s
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "picture" in the context of the sentence is:9) A visual representation (
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outlines" in the given context is:1) A schematic or pre
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given context is:3) An agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given context is:1) A substance that is
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given context is:8) A relative position or degree
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "period" in the given context is:9) A limited period of time
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:6) The people who live in
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:1) A substance that is
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:6) The people who live in
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given context is:1) A forceful consequence;
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flood" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drought" in the given context is:1) A shortage of ra
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A category of
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given sentence is:2) The weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "envoy" in the context of the sentence is:3) Someone sent
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cuts" in the context of the sentence is:19) The act
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A subst
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "major emerging economies." Here, "ones" is used to
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "move" in the given sentence is:4) The act of deciding to
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bush administration" in the given sentence is:2) The executive under President
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:2) A worker who holds
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:2) The main body of a written
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cuts" in the context of the given sentence is:19) The
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "observers" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comments" in the given context is:2) A statement that expresses a
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the given context is:3) A period of time equal to
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "America" in the given context is:2) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:2) The weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given context is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:8) People in general considered as a
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battle" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economies" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given context is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obligations" in the context of the given sentence is:6) The
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nations" in the given context is:1) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given context is:8) People in general considered as a
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "imperative" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Some duty
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "costs" in the given context is:3) Value measured by what must
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given context is:6) Something done (usually as
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Central America" in the given context is:2) The nations of Central
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) A force
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Some
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An agreement
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the context of the sentence is:5) An organization that is
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draft" in the context of the sentence is:14) Any of
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morning" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The earliest
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:2) The weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiations" in the given sentence is:1) A discussion intended to
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) As the agent of or
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the context of the given sentence is:6) The state
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the context of the given sentence is:14) A way
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the context of the sentence is:8) Action taken by a
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given context is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "urgency" in the given sentence is:3) Pressing importance requiring speed
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An agreement
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given context is:2) A worker who holds
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minister" in the given context is:2) A person appointed to a high
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planes" in the given context is:3) An aircraft that has a
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "halls" in the given context is:7) A large building for meet
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meetings" in the given context is:7) A formally arranged gather
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given context is:7) An assertion of a
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gathering" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given context is:3) (plural) any group
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given context is:6) The time after sunrise
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shows" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A social
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draft" in the context of the given sentence is:14) Any
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paper" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A medium for
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A demand
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:4) High level or degree
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministers" in the given sentence is:2) A person appointed to a
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action adopted by
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heavyweights" in the given context is:2) A very large
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Israel" in the given sentence is:1) Jewish republic in southwestern
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "losses" in the given context is:6) The number of wins versus
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The act
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the context of the sentence is:17) The unit of
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "top" in the given context is:8) The highest point (of something
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Any number of
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "absences" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The time
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The concluding
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sidelines" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given context is:8) A large number or amount or
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "triumph" in the given sentence is:1) The exultation of
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An advantage
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baskets" in the given sentence is:1) A score in basketball
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perimeter" in the given sentence is:2) The size of something as
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorers" in the given context is:3) A player who makes
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the given sentence is:7) The concluding parts of an
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quarter" in the context of the given sentence is:15) (
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Activity directed
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	In the context of the sentence, "whistles" refers to the sound made by the crowd as a reaction to Eli
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "return" in the context of the sentence is:8) A coming to or
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	In the context of the sentence, "home" refers to the place where someone lives at a particular time. Therefore, the
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (s
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given sentence is:17) The unit of counting in
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given sentence is:17) The unit of counting in
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given context is:5) The time between sunset and
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A force
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned to
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" is:5) A
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plays" in the context of the given sentence is:9) A preset
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "help" in the given context is:2) Assistance in time of difficulty
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (s
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The concluding
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quarter" in the context of the sentence is:15) (football
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A particular
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the context of the given sentence is:20) In games
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A period of
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "season" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A period of
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Wall Street" in the given sentence is:3) A street in lower
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollar" in the given sentence is:11) The basic unit of
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	In the context of the given sentence, "heading" refers to a line of text serving to indicate what the passage below
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "market" in the given context is:4) The securities markets
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicators" in the given context is:6) A number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollar" in the given context is:11) The basic unit of
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figures" in the context of the given sentence is:11) An
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "predominance" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) The
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "market" in the given sentence is:6) The world of commercial activity where
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "volumes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A relative
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the context of the sentence is:4) The actual state of
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:10) The point
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trend" in the given sentence is:4) A general direction in which
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publication" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The communication
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicators" in the given context is:6) A number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "market" in the given context is:6) The world of commercial activity where
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relation" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (usually
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	In the context of the sentence, "recovery" refers to the process of an economy returning to a state of normalcy
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysts" in the given context is:2) An expert who studies
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "month" in the given context is:2) One of the twelve divisions of
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "row" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A continuous chron
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confidence" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Freedom
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "month" in the given context is:2) One of the twelve divisions of
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "estimates" in the given context is:4) An approximate calculation of
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "index" in the given context is:3) A number or ratio (a
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indices" in the given context is:3) A number or ratio (
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rise" in the context of the sentence is:10) Incre
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollar" in the given context is:11) The basic unit of
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the context of the sentence is:8) A lofty level
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the context of the sentence provided is:7) A force
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given context is:3) A social group that forms
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ground" in the context of the sentence "Technology securities have thereby lost
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Treasury" in the given context is:3) Negotiable deb
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bond" in the given context is:10) A certificate of deb
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yields" in the given context is:3) Income (at
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A later
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bond" in the given context is:10) A certificate of deb
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yields" in the given context is:3) Income (at
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A later
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the context of the sentence "Iraqi Oil Ministry reaches de
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the given context is:4) Something or someone
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "violence" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instability" in the context of the sentence is:1) A lack of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:4) The organization that is
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "auctions" in the given sentence is:1) The public sale of something
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given context is:3) An agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given context is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Russia" in the given context is:3) A federation in n
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "oil" in the given context is:5) A slippery or
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) The actions and activities assigned to
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given context is:1) A period of 1
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "war" in the given sentence is:4) The waging of armed conflict
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sanctions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A mechanism
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stakes" in the context of the sentence "American companies walked away with stakes in
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A geographic
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "auction" in the given sentence is:1) The public sale of something
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bid" in the given sentence is:4) A formal proposal to buy at
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the context of the sentence "Two American companies reached deals for fields au
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representation" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The state
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "oil" in the context of the sentence "The meager representation of American oil gi
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giants" in the context of the sentence is:3) A very large
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) An expert who studies
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doors" in the given sentence is:6) Anything providing a
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "war" in the given sentence is:4) The waging of armed conflict
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the context of the given sentence is:11)
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "editor" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) A person responsible
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "news" in the given sentence is:1) Information about recent and important events
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outlet" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An opening
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Concerns" in the context of the given sentence is:4)
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "security" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Measures taken
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bombings" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instability" in the context of the sentence is:1) A lack of
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given context is:6) Everything that exists anywhere
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysts" in the given context is:2) An expert who studies
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:16) A special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) The
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "energy" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Any source of
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given context is:11) The members of
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given context is:3) An agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministry" in the given sentence is:2) A government department under the
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ties" in the context of the sentence is:6) A social or business
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:4) A period of time occup
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given context is:11) The members of
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bid" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Make a serious
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given context is:11) The members of a business
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stakes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (law
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the context of the sentence is:8) A geographic region
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "power" in the context of the given sentence is:8) One possessing
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "par" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A state of
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commitments" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An eng
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Companies" in the given context is:11) The members of
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bids" in the given sentence is:4) A formal proposal to buy
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offers" in the given sentence is:3) Something offered (as a
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barrel" in the given context is:2) The quantity that a bar
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fee" in the given sentence is:1) A fixed charge for a
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministry" in the given sentence is:2) A government department under the
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "output" in the given sentence is:3) The quantity of something (as
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:8) A relative position or degree
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "field" in the given context is:8) A geographic region (land
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the sentence "US banks repay state support" is
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:8) In law; the territory within
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shackles" in the context of the sentence "The crisis-hit US major banks
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "On Wednesday Bank of America repa
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A building
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "protection" in the context of the sentence "On Wednesday Bank of America rep
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fund" in the given context is:4) A reserve of money set aside
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amount" in the given context is:5) A quantity of money
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given context is:7) A short account of the
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "broadcaster" in the given context is:1) Someone who
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of the sentence "And, according to reports from US broadc
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "And, according to reports from US broadc
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institutions" in the given sentence is:5) An organization founded and
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "restrictions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acceptance" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (cont
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Wealth
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limits" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) The greatest amount
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "manager" in the context of the given sentence is:1) One who super
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bonuses" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An additional
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "charges" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The price
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loans" in the given context is:1) The temporary provision of money
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the given sentence is:5) Something left after other parts have
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amount" in the given sentence is:5) A quantity of money
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sale" in the given sentence is:5) The general activity of s
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bank" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A building
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The vertical dimension
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "investment" in the context of the sentence "The bank overstretched at
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A building
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cash" in the given sentence is:1) Money in the form
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liabilities" in the given context is:6) An obligation to pay
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:8) In law; the territory within
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A building
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capital" in the context of the sentence is:6) Assets available
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increase" in the context of the sentence "Already on Thursday,
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	In the context of the given sentence, "circles" refers to an unofficial association of people or groups. This is
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence about Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Ch
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Appeal" in the context of the sentence "Cheshire Appeal Will
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rows" in the context of the sentence "There were half a dozen of them typing away
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "testimony" in the context of the sentence "Minute by minute, they sent
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "In the end" in the given context is:1) As the end result
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defense" in the context of the given sentence is:12) The
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "messages" in the given context is:2) A communication (usually brief
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (law
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rape" in the context of the sentence is:2) A statut
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given context is:5) A human offspring (son
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beds" in the context of the sentence is:3) A piece of
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given context is:13) A building in which something
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (law
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given context is:1) One of the persons who compose
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Primary social group
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The concluding
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:2) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	In the context of the given sentence, "imposition" refers to the act of imposing a punishment or penalty,
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given context is:2) A body of citizens sw
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filings" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The entering
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a legal
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (law
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence is:7) The act of using
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circus" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A trav
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "atmosphere" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "details" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Extended treatment
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given context is:2) A body of citizens sw
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passions" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A strong
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to demand
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a legal
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judges" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The subject matter
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (law
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "danger" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) A source
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inclusion" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The act
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A human
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rights" in the given context is:7) An abstract idea of that
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given context is:5) A claim sufficient to
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (law
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given context is:2) A body of citizens sw
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passion" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A strong
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last word" in the given sentence is:2) The final statement in a
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 1
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An instance of
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (law
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fairness" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) The
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conviction" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (c
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Cleveland" in the given context is:2) The largest city in Ohio
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the sentence is:3) A position or
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carnival" in the context of the sentence is:1) A f
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "atmosphere" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (law
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inspiration" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Ar
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) One of two equal parts of
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "century" in the given context is:2) A period of 10
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "argument" in the given context is:2) A discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given context is:15) A way of doing something
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An explanation of
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concern" in the given context is:2) Something that interests you
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given context is:1) A forceful consequence;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trials" in the given context is:8) A comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Connecticut" in the given context is:3) A New England state;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given context is:3) A written document describing the find
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a legal
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judges" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition;
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "communication" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The activity
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trials" in the given context is:8) A comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An important question
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "execution" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Putting a
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Judge" in the given context is:2) A public official author
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reactions" in the given context is:3) A response that reveals
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "victims" in the given sentence is:1) An unfortunate
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:2) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A force
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The act
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "jury" in the given sentence is:2) A body of
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A sense
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) A demanding or stim
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "month" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "news" in the given sentence is:1) Information about recent and important events
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Connecticut" in the given sentence is:3) A New England state;
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the given sentence is:5) A vote to select the
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "campaign" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A race
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given context is:1) A politician who is
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courthouse" in the given sentence is:2) A building that
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the context of the sentence "Their focus on the Twitter coverage is controvers
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the context of the sentence "Their focus on the Twitter coverage is
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) The questioning of a
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "journalists" in the given sentence is:1) A writer for newsp
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A claim
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "news" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Information about recent
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:7) A short account of the
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "view" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A personal belief
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A tribunal
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A line of
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The news
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trials" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A compreh
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:9) A relational difference between states
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "adaptation" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the context of the sentence "Mr. Hayes's lawy
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filing" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The entering
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Supreme Court" in the given context is:2) The highest federal
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A position
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conviction" in the given context is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A compreh
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given context is:2) The news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "century" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) A period of
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the context of "Sport and fraud law" would be:
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of "Sport and fraud law" is:
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Tricks" in the given context is:7) A cunning or dece
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "will" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A fixed and
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsion" in the given context is:4) The act of expelling
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	In this context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "ink" is:2) A liquid used for printing or
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (be
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the given context is:1) A unit of time equal
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the given context is:10) The point in time at
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the given sentence is:3) (sports) the
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A group of
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "league" in the given sentence is:3) An association of sports teams
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phase" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Any distinct time
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group delegated
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the context of the given sentence is:10) A
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trainer" in the given sentence is:4) (sports) someone
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	In the context of the given sentence, "amounts" refers to the different economic values or figures associated with the sanctions
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provocation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something that
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) The set of
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practice" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Accept
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the context of the given sentence is:8) People in general
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "football" in the given sentence is:4) Any of various games played with
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Directions that
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Part" in the given context is:4) That which concerns a person with
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "debate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A discussion
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the context of the given sentence is:20) (law
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given context is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organization" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The persons
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nobility" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "honor" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The quality
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acts" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Something that
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "history" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A record or
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "debate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A discussion
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A subdiv
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (be
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principles" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Something done (
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Something intended
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Something done (
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulation" in the context of the given sentence is:6) An author
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matter" in the given sentence is:4) A vaguely specified
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The occurrence
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the context of the given sentence is:11) The
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantages" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the context of the given sentence is:11) The
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "integrity" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An und
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who takes part
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aspect" in the given context is:2) A characteristic to be considered
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Something done (
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "danger" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A cause
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantages" in the given context is:2) Benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who takes part
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes advantage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Draw
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the context of the given sentence is:13) A special
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:8) Action taken by a group of
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Directions that
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:8) Action taken by a group of
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (s
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complaints" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the given sentence is:2) A sentence of inquiry that
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Benef
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given context is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategy" in the given sentence is:2) An elaborate and systematic
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phase" in the given sentence is:4) Any distinct time period in a
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Championship" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A limited period
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the given context is:2) Benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A position
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given context is:9) A relational difference between states
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given context is:8) Action taken by a group of
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cycle" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A periodically
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suspension" in the context of the given sentence is:6)
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accumulation" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cycle" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A periodically
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rounds" in the context of the given sentence is:9) A series
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the context of the given sentence is:11) The
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the given sentence is:2) One of the
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decisions" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Directions that
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given sentence is:8) The act of assuming or
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who takes part
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "application" in the given context is:5) The work of applying something;
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the sentence "They made a strategic decision without avoid
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "law" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The collection of
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Intentional
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occasion" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An opportunity
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the context of the given sentence is:20) (law
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Anyth
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsions" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the context of the given sentence is:15) A way
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "transmission" in the context of the given sentence is:6) The act
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The occurrence
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principles" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possibility" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A future
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the context of the sentence "Arsenic-tolerant microbe
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discover
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nutrients" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scope" in the given sentence is:2) An area in which something acts
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forms" in the context of the sentence is:14) A category of
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the sentence is:13) The organic
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possibilities" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the context of the given sentence is:5) One of four
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organism" in the given sentence, "This organism has dual capability," is
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capability" in the context of the sentence "This organism has dual capability"
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the sentence is:17) The spatial arrangement
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given context is:3) A written document describing the find
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "edition" in the given context is:3) The form in which a
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "journal" in the given context is:5) A periodic publication containing pictures
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the sentence provided is:13) The organ
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carbon" in the given context is:1) An abundant nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the find
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) The act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "search" in the given sentence is:2) An investigation seeking answers
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the sentence is:13) The organic
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the sentence is:13) The organic
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the sentence is:13) The organic
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "details" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A small part
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) The act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculation" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the find
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discover
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "environments" in the given context is:4) The totality of surrounding
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) A living thing that has
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given context is:1) Any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the context of the given sentence is:17) A group
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given context is:1) Any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the given sentence is:13) The organ
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Space" in the given context is:12) The part of outer space
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sciences" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "Cockell was not part of the research
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the context of the sentence "Cockell was not part of the research
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:11) Activity directed toward making or
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substitution" in the given sentence is:1) The act of putting one
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "element" in the given context is:1) Any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given context is:5) The manner of construction of something
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the sentence is:9) Applying the
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the context of the sentence is:8) A relative position
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:2) The action or reaction of
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) A living thing that has
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard time" in the context of the sentence "As a result, organisms have a
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentrations" in the context of the sentence is:5) The
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possibility" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A future
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given context is:5) The 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planet" in the given context is:1) Any celestial body
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moon" in the given context is:6) Any natural satellite of a
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given context is:2) A personal viewIn
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "example" in the given context is:5) A representative form or pattern
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given context is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given sentence is:1) A more or less definite period
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given context is:5) The 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence is:4) That which concerns a
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "routine" in the context of "The democratic routine" is:
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Support" in the context of the sentence "Support for democracy in Latin America continues to
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worry" in the context of the sentence "Crime has become a bigger worry than
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) The largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:1) The act of determining
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poll" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An inqu
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poll" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:9) A relational difference between states
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attitude" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A complex
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given context is:5) An entity that is not
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poll" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mood" in the given sentence is:2) The prevailing psych
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stability" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The quality
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attitudes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A complex
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institutions" in the context of the given sentence is:5) An
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Support" in the context of the sentence "Support for democracy has risen noticeably
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "South America" in the given sentence is:2
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given context is:6) A set of data arranged in
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Aiding the
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A low level
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economy" in the given sentence is:2) The system of production
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drop" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A sudden sharp
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "output" in the given sentence is:3) The quantity of something (as
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the given context is:1) One of two equal parts of
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:1) Someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" among the given options is:1) The largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "democrats" in the given context is:2) An advocate of
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:3) A statistic describing the
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given context is:2) A visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:1) Someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "democracy" in the given context is:3) A political system in which
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figure" in the given context is:13) The property possessed by a
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increase" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given context is:2) A visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confidence" in the given context is:2) A feeling of trust (
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Congress" in the given context is:3) A national legislative
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given context is:4) The organization that is
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:4) A period of time occupying
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given context is:4) The actual state of things
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decade" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 1
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woes" in the context of the sentence "A decade ago economic woes in
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "A decade ago economic woes in Latin
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recession" in the given sentence is:5) The state of the
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	In the context of the given sentence, "recovery" refers to the process of a Latin American country returning to a state
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "safety net" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proportion" in the given context is:4) The relation between things
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mood" in the given sentence is:2) The prevailing psych
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:4) A particular geographical region of
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:4) A particular geographical region of
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A visual display
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) The largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the sentence is:6) The chief executive
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sense" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A general
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progress" in the given sentence is:3) Gradual improvement or growth or
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recession" in the given sentence is:5) The state of the
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:9) An indefin
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polls" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:1) Someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the context of the given sentence is:2) All of
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given context is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A visual display
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	In the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" is:1) A person related by blood
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "victims" in the given context is:1) An unfortunate
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figure" in the given context is:13) The property possessed by a
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Aiding the
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:1) Someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the sentence is:8) (biology)
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given context is:2) A visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the given context is:3) Instrumentality that combines
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:1) Someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "view" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A message express
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the sentence is:6) The chief executive
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the context of the given sentence is:11)
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given context is:1) The largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	In the given sentence, "leadership" refers to the status or influence a country holds within a region. Therefore,
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:1) Someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distinction" in the context of the given sentence is:3) High status
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of the sentence "Scalia and Thomas dine with healthcare
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:23) A comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given context is:8) Some point or period in time
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Supreme Court" in the given context is:2) The highest federal
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the given context is:5) The subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The collection of
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given context is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A party
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the context of the given sentence is:20) (law
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "petitions" in the given sentence is:2) A formal message requesting
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "review" in the context of the sentence provided is:9) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:16) A special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A comprehensive
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given sentence is:2) One of the 50
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overhaul" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Congress" in the given sentence is:4) The legislature of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:2) Law enacted by a
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rallying cry" in the given context is:2) A slog
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given context is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the given context is:6) A comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the given context is:3) A period of time equal to
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "argument" in the given context is:2) A discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "March" in the given context is:4) The month following February and
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "race" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Any competition
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A state of
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given context is:7) A period of time considered as
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A position
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Law enact
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given context is:4) A party of people assemble
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:5) The main meal of
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of the sentence is:2) Law enacted
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sponsor" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who supports
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giant" in the context of the sentence "Another sponsor was pharmace
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stake" in the context of the sentence is:5) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:5) The main meal of
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:4) The capital of the United
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of being present
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Senate" in the given sentence is:2) The upper house of
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opponent" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) Some
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guests" in the given sentence is:1) A visitor to whom hospital
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:4) A party of people assemble
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something that happens
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) A prolonged period of
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Something done (
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in the given context is:4) A set of rules or principles
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:2) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something that happens
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organizations" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The persons
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:2) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaker" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) A person
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An announcement
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "event" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something that happens
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proximity" in the given sentence is:1) The property of being
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the context of the sentence is:11) The members of
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the context of the sentence is:2) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breach" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A failure
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indifference" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The trait
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in the given sentence is:4) A set of rules or principles
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the context of the given sentence is:7) An
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given context is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:10) A principle
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The officer
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fundraiser" in the given sentence is:2) A social function that
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the context of the sentence is:20) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appearance" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Outward
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assistance" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The activity
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "event" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something that happens
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the context of the given sentence is:7) An
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regard" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Paying
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "business" in the context of the sentence is:6) The activity of
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the context of the sentence is:5) A tribunal that
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the context of the sentence is:8) Any number of entities
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conservatives" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Justice" in the context of the sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the context of the sentence is:3) An important question that
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administration" in the given sentence is:2) A method of tending
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:4) The collection of rules imposed
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A specific ident
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:20) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of the sentence is:2) Law enacted
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indication" in the given sentence is:5) Something that serves to
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiarity" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Us
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the given sentence is:16) A place within a region
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "San Jose" in the given context is:2) The capital and largest city
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number one" in the given context is:4) The first or highest in
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the given context is:8) An extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the context of the given sentence is:10) A
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given context is:2) How much there is or how
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "League" in the given context is:3) An association of sports teams
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:4) A period of time occupying
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "league" in the given context is:3) An association of sports teams
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competitions" in the given context is:3) An occasion on which
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to comp
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "area" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A particular ge
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A relative position
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peak" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The highest
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in the given context is:1) The soccer or hockey
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "London" in the given context is:3) The capital and largest city
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the context of the given sentence is:8) An extreme att
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in the given context is:1) The soccer or hockey
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given context is:9) A formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the context of the given sentence is:8) An extreme att
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "player" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to compete
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "player" in the given context is:4) A person trained to compete
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given context is:9) A formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the context of the given sentence is:8) The
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:2) How much there is or how
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the context of the sentence "Almost near the centennial number
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the context of the given sentence is:16) A place
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the context of the given sentence is:9) A formal contest
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the context of the sentence provided is:8) The
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the context of the given sentence is:16) A place
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presences" in the given context is:7) The state of being present
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the context of the given sentence is:9) A pause for
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorer" in the given context is:3) A player who makes a
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goals" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A successful
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given context is:17) The unit of counting in
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the sentence "Is immigration a burden or an
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Immigration" in the context of the given sentence is:2) M
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:1) A line of argument rationalizing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aspects" in the given context is:1) A distinct feature or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congestion" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Excess
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:1) A line of argument rationalizing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "numbers" in the context of the given sentence is:9) The property possessed
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compatibility" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Capability
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:1) A line of argument rationalizing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "status" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The relative position
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harassment" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given context is:1) A learner who is
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" in the given context is:1) A republic in western Europe;
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talent" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A person
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiters" in the given context is:1) A person whose occupation is
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "viewpoint" in the given sentence is:2) A mental position from which
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:8) A large number or amount or
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the context of the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the context of the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the context of the given sentence is:12) Some situation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Those who support
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tone" in the context of the given sentence is:7) The quality
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A state of
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:3) The territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A person
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the context of the sentence is:4) Those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" in the given context is:1) A republic in western Europe;
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misery" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) A state
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the given sentence, "The only difference, the degree
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the context of the sentence "The only difference, the degree of gener
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generosity" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Act
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fear" in the given sentence is:1) An emotion experienced in
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invasion" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Any
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "territory" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hordes" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the context of the sentence is:4) Those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the context of the sentence is:4) Those who support political
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sides" in the context of the given sentence is:9) An opinion
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An on
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "economy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "society" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An extended
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The quality
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A position
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generosity" in the given sentence is:1) Acting generously
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A planned undert
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the context of the sentence "In his program, François Hollande conf
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An on
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A state of
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "book" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A written work
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "immigration" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Migration
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "People" in the context of the sentence is:3) (plural
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Migration" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The movement
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Future" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) The time yet
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specialists" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) An expert
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) A force
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "migration" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The movement
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flows" in the context of the sentence provided is:8) Any un
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "employment" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) The state
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "immigration" in the given sentence is:2) Migration into a place
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence "Restraining immigration leads to
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The state
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Fears" in the given sentence is:1) An emotion experienced in
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A force
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An abstract
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A person
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to a specific group of people, specifically "native workers." Therefore, the most
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The act
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replacements" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "labor" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Productive
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trades" in the given context is:3) People who perform a particular
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shortage" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An ac
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "labor" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Productive
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group that forms
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "labor" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Productive
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "the most highly skilled ones." Here, "ones" is used
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group that forms
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Activity leading to
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offers" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Something offered
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The state
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the context of "A positive effect on wages" is:
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:3) The territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shortage" in the context of the given sentence is:3) An ac
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complementarities" in the given context is:1) The interrelation
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arrival" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The act
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	In the context of the sentence provided, "rise" refers to an increase or growth in a certain aspect. Here,
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flow" in the given context is:8) Any uninterrupted stream or
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	In the given sentence, "increase" refers to the amount by which something (real long-term pay) increases
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given context is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "diversity" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Noticeable
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "creation" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The human
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ideas" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The content
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proportion" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given context is:2) Of or relating to the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	In the context of the given sentence, "winners" refers to individuals who have achieved significant success, particularly in prestig
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Yahoo" in the given context is:1) A widely used search engine
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contributors" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who contributes
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:1) A sum of money allocated
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Labor" in the given context is:8) A social class comprising
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Organisation" in the given context is:4) The persons (or comm
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	In the given sentence, "age" refers to a specific time of life, particularly in the context of when an immigr
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contribution" in the given context is:5) An amount of money contributed
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	In the context of the given sentence, "receipts" refers to the money or financial benefits that an immigrant
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditure" in the context of the given sentence is:3) M
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:3) A statistic describing the
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given context is:1) A sum of money allocated
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mandate" in the given sentence is:2) The commission that is
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the context of the sentence is:20) A distinct part
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of Nicolas Sarkozy's statement is:
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The subject matter
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the context of the sentence "Deutsche Bank pays multi-mill
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A source
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uproar" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the context of the sentence is:8) The basic unit
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given context is:2) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the given context is:2) A source of difficulty
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	In the context of the sentence, "home" refers to the place where Deutsche Bank is based or operates, which is
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industry" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The people
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giant" in the context of the sentence is:4) An unusually
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given context is:2) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given context is:11) The basic unit
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disputes" in the given context is:2) A disagreement
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sale" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The general
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the context of the sentence is:5) An official responsible
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "string" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A sequentially
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promises" in the given context is:1) A verbal commitment
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given sentence is:7) The amount (of money or
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:6) A formal declaration that
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) An unstable situation
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New York" in the given sentence is:4) The largest city in New
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A building
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "settlement" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A conclus
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given context is:11) The basic unit
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsiveness" in the given sentence is:1) The quality of being respons
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the sentence is:11) A building
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcies" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deposits" in the context of the sentence provided is:11)
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:4) Something (such as
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "billions" in the given sentence is:2) The number that is
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "settlements" in the given sentence is:2) A body of people
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the given context is:5) An official responsible for control
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "summer" in the given sentence is:1) The warmest season of
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fate" in the given sentence is:2) An event (or a
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:2) How much there is or how
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The vertical dimension
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) An
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wind" in the context of the sentence "The banks battling against a strong wind in
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulators" in the context of the given sentence is:5) An
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:2) How much there is or how
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Something
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misconduct" in the given sentence is:2) Bad or dish
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wave" in the context of the sentence "The Federal Housing Finance Agency (
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the context of the sentence provided is:7) An
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given context is:11) The basic unit
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given context is:7) The amount (of money or
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given context is:11) The basic unit
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the given sentence is:5) An official responsible for control
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A building
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibility" in the given sentence is:2) A form of trustworth
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The whole amount
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intention" in the context of the sentence "Deutsche Bank has rejected the claims
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Writing that provides
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Public" in the context of the European Public Assessment Report (EPAR) is
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the context of the European Public Assessment Report ( EPAR
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given sentence is:3) Make plain and compreh
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given context is:2) A special group
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Products" in the given context is:7) Commodities offered for sale
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Human" in the context of the sentence "It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Use" in the given context is:4) What something is used for
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given context is:3) Evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:7) A detailed critical inspection
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	In the given sentence, "performed" refers to the action of conducting or carrying out studies. Therefore, the most
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reach" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Reach
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given context is:1) Something (as
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Take or consume
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) Have or feel a need for
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	In the given sentence, "more" is used in the context of acquiring additional information about a medical condition or treatment.
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:2) Knowledge acquired through study or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medical" in the given context is:1) Relating to the study
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "condition" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An illness
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Look at,
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Leaflet" in the context of the given sentence is:2) An
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "If you need more information about your medical condition
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contact" in the given context is:2) Be in or establish communication with
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given context is:1) A licensed medical pract
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:3) Have need of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	In the given sentence, "If you want more information on the basis of the CHMP recommendations, read the Scientific
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:2) Knowledge acquired through study or
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the given context is:3) The fundamental assumptions from which
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Look at,
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Discussion" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An exchange
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) One of the
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "powder" in the given sentence is:1) A solid substance in
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A hom
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drip" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Let or
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vein" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A blood
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetre
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetre
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemet
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "What is Alimta used for?" is
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two types
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treat" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given context is:2) A subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lining" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	In the given sentence, "caused" refers to the reason or factor that leads to the occurrence of pleural mesoth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given context is:7) Put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	In the context of the sentence, "removed" refers to the action of taking out or extracting something from a specific
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "surgery" in the given context is:4
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	In the context of the sentence, "alone" refers to the situation where the cancer cannot be removed by surgery without the
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spread" in the context of the sentence is:8) Become distributed
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given context is:2) Has a good chance of being
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spread" in the context of the sentence is:8) Become distributed
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	In the given context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "easily" is:2) Indicating
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parts" in the given context is:9) A group of independent but inter
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given context is:16) The entire structure of an
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advanced" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Comparatively
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (biology
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Act
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence provided is:7) Put into service
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Subject
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A subdiv
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	In the given sentence, "past" is used to describe a period in someone's life when they have already received
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a pres
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obtained" in the context of the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prescription" in the given sentence is:3) Written instructions from a
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	In the context of the sentence "How is Alimta used?", the most suitable dictionary definition for "used" would
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:2) And nothing more
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "Alimta should only be given under
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) A licensed medical pract
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Alimta should only be given under the
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given context is:5) The quantity of an active
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mg" in the given context is:2) One millionth (1
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the context of the sentence is:16) The entire structure
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calculated" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Make a
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the sentence "The recommended dose of Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patient" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (of a
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weight" in the context of the given sentence is:6) The weight of
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "It is given once every three weeks as
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	In the given sentence, "It is given once every three weeks as an intravenous infusion lasting 1
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "every" in the given sentence is:1) Each and all of a series
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lasting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Persist
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A unit
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reduce" in the context of the sentence is:11) Cut down
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is:1) A secondary and usually ad
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the sentence is:2) A subdivision
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injections" in the given context is:1) The act of putting a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is:33) Submit
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given context is:2) Stop (someone or something
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fluids" in the given context is:2) Continuous amorph
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given context is:2) Stop (someone or something
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dehydration" in the context of the given sentence is:2
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is:33) Submit
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the context of the given sentence is:1) At an earlier
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "after" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Happening
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given context is:1) A measured portion of medicine
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Treatment" in the given sentence is:3) (medic
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "delayed" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Act later
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discontinued" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given context is:5) The quantity of an active
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reduced" in the context of the sentence is:11) Cut
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blood counts" in the given sentence is:2) The number of red
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "abnormal" in the given context is:2) Not normal; not typical
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the sentence "Treatment should be delayed or dis
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the context of the sentence "Treatment should be delayed or dis
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Very unusual;
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is:1) A secondary and usually ad
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for use in
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moderate" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "severe" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for use
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for use
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	In the given sentence, "For more information, see the Summary of Product Characteristics (also part of the EPAR
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:3) A collection of facts from which
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Product" in the context of the sentence "For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the sentence about Alimta (pemetrexed
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the given context is:3) Material of a particular kind
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the context of the sentence about Alimta (pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (bi
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dividing" in the context of the sentence provided is:6) Make
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given context is:16) The entire structure of an
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Change in
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the given sentence is:12) Exert
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the given sentence is:12) A particular
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blocks" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Hinder
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Con
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "producing" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Give rise
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building blocks" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A single
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given context is:4)
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The tangible
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Alimta been studied?"
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the given context is:3) Consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given context is:3) Most important elementIn
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the given context is:3) Earlier in time; previously
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effects" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (biology
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effects" in the given context is:6) A phenomenon that follows
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given context is:3) Examine and note
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Eng
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "locally" in the given context is:1) By a particular locality
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	In the context of the sentence, "advanced" refers to the stage of the disease. The most suitable dictionary definition from
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	In the given sentence, "past" refers to a time period that has already occurred, specifically relating to the patients
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given context is:3) Examine and note
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Eng
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	In the given sentence, "past" refers to a period of time that has already occurred, specifically relating to the
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A branch
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A basis for
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the context of the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survived" in the given sentence is:1) Continue to live
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Alimta shown
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Alimta shown during
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in the given sentence is:2) Become bigger or
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the sentence "Alimta increased the survival
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survived" in the given context is:2) Continue in existence
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:3) A statistic describing the
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	In the given sentence, "compared" is used to examine and note the similarities or differences between the survival times
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the context of the sentence about non-small cell lung cancer is:
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the context of the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	In the given sentence, "past" refers to a time period that has already occurred, specifically relating to the patients
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:4) Approximating the statistical
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given context is:1) A state of surv
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A period of
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	In the given sentence, "compared" is used to examine and note the similarities or differences between the average survival
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	In the given sentence, "past" refers to a time period that has already occurred, specifically relating to the patients
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Approxim
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A period of
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the given context is:8) Any number of entities (members
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "However" in the given sentence is:3) By contrast; on the other
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:8) A branch of knowledge
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the context of the sentence is:3) Act phys
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "longer" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Primarily
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given context is:7) A period of time considered as
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contrast" in the given sentence is:4) The opposition or dissimilar
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the context of the sentence "In contrast, patients whose cancer was
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shorter" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Primarily
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given context is:7) A period of time considered as
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra is a mathematical calculator
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Use as a
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capable" in the given sentence is:4) (usually followed by
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the given sentence is:25) Make by
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Easy and
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (math
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "3D" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Having a
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:5) In reality or actuality
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the context of the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know Math
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know MathML
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know MathML
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "Although it was initially MathML oriented
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (quant
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Of
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place;
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of the given sentence ("Here's a screenshot of kalgebra
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:3)
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of "kalgebra main window" (assuming it refers to
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra main window consists in a Console tab
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (computer
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "consists" in the given context is:4) Have its essential character;
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Console" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A scientific instrument
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "3D" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra main
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Below" in the context of the given sentence is:4) In or
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Discover or
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:4) A component of production; something
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Write by means
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A set sequence
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Carry
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calculations" in the given sentence is:2) The procedure of calculating;
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in the given sentence is:4) Know and comprehend the
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "works" in the context of the given sentence is:14) Have an
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the given context is:5) An entity that is not named
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Carry
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be fully
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:3) Signal going into an electronic
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Change from
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Absol
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Be cogniz
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) Use as a basis for;
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the context of the sentence "I have based the syntax basically on common sense
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "closely" in the given sentence is:1) In an attentive
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the given sentence is:4) Perceive with attention;
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	In the given sentence, "I've looked closely to maxima and maple's syntax so they look very similar
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "similar" in the given context is:3) Resembling or similar;
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Addition" in the context of the given sentence (which mentions arithmetic operations) is:
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subtraction" among the given options is:1) The act of subtract
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "multiplication" in the context of the given sentence (which mentions addition, subtraction
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "division" in the context of the given sentence (which mentions arithmetic operations) is:
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Power" in the given sentence is:8) One possessing or exercis
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "^, ** : Power, you can use
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening or existing
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Also it is possible to use the unicode
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Powers" in the context of the given sentence is:8) One
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roots" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (bot
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	In the given sentence, "Powers are one way to make roots too," the word "too" is used
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Be specific
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variable" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A symbol (
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "It is used to specify a higher priority"
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Be specific
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the context of specifying a higher priority is:7) Gre
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "priority" in the given sentence is:4) Status established in order of
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Discover
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:8) A set sequence of steps,
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "checks" in the context of the sentence "When the parser finds a function, it
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Regard
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A speculator
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Regard
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "user" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A person who
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "function" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A set sequence
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "It is used to define a variable value"
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the given sentence ("It is used to define a variable value
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the context of the sentence "It is used to define a variable value"
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conditional" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "introduce" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Int
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Put into service
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "true" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Consistent
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Discover
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instance" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An occurrence of
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "It can be used to define a container"
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the given sentence ("It can be used to define a container
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "useful" in the context of the given sentence, "Mainly useful for working with
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "working" in the context of the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piecewise"
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Address a question
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "user" in the context of the sentence "Now you could ask me, why should the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Posing
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cos()" among the given options is:3) Function of an angle expressed as
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sin()" among the given options is:9) An act that is regarded by
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Very unusual;
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The arithmetic operation
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "product" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) A quantity obtained
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plus()" in the given context is:2) The arithmetic operation of summing
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times()" among the given options is:2) An arithmetic operation that is the
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the context of the sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the given context is:6) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "useful" in the given sentence, "kalgebra's console is useful as a
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "There" in the given sentence is:2) In or at that place
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "list" in the context of "There you have a list of the declared variables" is
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variables" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A quantity that
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:13) See or
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	In the context of the sentence, "lets" is used to describe the action of opening a dialog that enables the user to
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given context is:2) Become different in some particular
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "values" in the given context is:4) The quality (positive or
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	In the context of the sentence "By double clicking on them you will see a dialog that lets you change their values (just
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given context is:5) A written record of messages sent
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:13) A reading of a point
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expression" in the given sentence is:9) A group of words that form
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variable" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A symbol (
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given context is:5) A numerical quantity measured or assigned
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changed" in the given context is:2) Become different in some particular
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Immediately
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given context is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New" in the context of "Ctrl N New Window" is:7)
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Window" in the context of "Ctrl N New Window" (which is a command often
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the context of the sentence "Flushes the log" is:
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Load" in the context of "Ctrl L Load Script" is:2)
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Executes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Carry
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:5) A message describing how
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "file" in the given sentence is:8) A set of related records (
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Nice" in the given sentence is:5) Pleasant or pleasing
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Feel
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Give a definition
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "libraries" in the context of the given sentence is:6) A building
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "resume" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Give a
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "previous" in the given sentence is:3) Just preceding something else in time
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Activity directed
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl G Save Script" is:9)
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Record data
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:5) A message describing how
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typed" in the given sentence is:2) Write by means of a
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Have a
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (usually
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Generates" in the given sentence is:2) Bring into existence
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Posing
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fix" in the context of the given sentence is:12) Restore
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the sentence "Generates text files so it should be easy
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text editor" in the given context is:2) (computer science)
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl S Save Log" is:9)
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Log" in the context of "Ctrl S Save Log" is:5)
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Record data
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:5) A written record of messages sent
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (usually
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "print" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Reproduce
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publish" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Have (one
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Quit" in the context of "Ctrl Q Quit" is:6
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the sentence "Shuts the program down" is:
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "add" in the given context is:1) Make an addition (to);
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given context is:10) Original and of a kind
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "go" in the context of the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Make an addition
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "add" in the given context is:1) Make an addition (to);
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given context is:10) Original and of a kind
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "focus" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The concentration of
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A component of
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) The words of something written
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the sentence "Then your focus will go to an input text
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:8) A set sequence of steps,
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Put into service
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typical" in the given sentence is:3) Exhibiting the qual
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Absol
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Be specific
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:8) A set sequence of steps,
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in the given sentence is:1) To show, make visible or
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "If you have entered the function click on the
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:2) (computer science) a
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the context of the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given sentence is:3) (used with count
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Just" in the context of the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the context of the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "List" in the context of the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mode" in the given sentence is:4) A particular functioning condition or
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the context of the sentence "You can set each graph its own color"
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "color" in the context of the sentence "You can set each graph its own color"
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:6) A foundation that provides funds for
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organising" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dealt" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A demand
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who takes
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given context is:3) Most important elementIn
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attended" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Be present
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "debated" in the given context is:4) Discuss the pros and
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given context is:3) An important question that is in
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actors" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A person
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authorities" in the context of the sentence provided is:6) (us
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "social" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Relating to
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voluntary" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) Of
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "community" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A district where
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A company or
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "users" in the given context is:3) A person who makes use of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:17) An occurrence of something
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Announce
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attempts" in the context of the given sentence is:2) E
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involve" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Eng
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "users" in the given sentence is:3) A person who makes use of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:6) Work done by one person or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planning" in the context of the given sentence is:1) An act
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:6) Work done by one person or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provision" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The activity
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:7) Make a discovery,
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given context is:2) Comparative of much; to
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Commonly encountered
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A collection
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "different" in the context of the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "played" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Play on
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the context of the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "welfare" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given context is:6) A foundation that provides funds for
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Commission" in the context of the sentence is:5) A special group
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ministry" in the given context is:2) A government department under the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Social" in the context of the sentence "a major challenge for public welfare
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	In the given sentence, "Affairs" refers to matters of professional or public interest. This is evident from the context where
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regional" in the context of the sentence is:1) Related or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the context of the sentence is:4) The organization
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the given context is:2) Relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exclusion" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The social
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the context of the sentence is:6) Greater in scope
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) A demand
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open to or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "welfare" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Government
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given context is:6) A foundation that provides funds for
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "published" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Have (
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comparative" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Rel
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A written
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) That which concerns
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Evalu
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The point
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "direct" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Direct in spatial
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Activity directed
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increasing" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation recently published a comparative
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) Use as a basis for;
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Concern
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given context is:1) The questioning of a
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "senior" in the given context is:3) Older; higher in
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:2) A worker who holds
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Relating to
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given context is:3) A person who represents
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Of or
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A relative position
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organizations" in the given context is:4) The persons (or comm
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:4) A particular geographical region
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the sentence "As important industrial sectors, the metal industry
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industrial" in the given sentence is:3) Having highly developed industries
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group that forms
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "metal" in the context of the sentence "As important industrial sectors, the metal
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industry" in the given sentence is:3) The organized action of making
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banking" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) Engaging
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sector" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A social
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "included" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Add as
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speakers" in the given context is:4) A person who delivers
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) Relating to
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exclusion" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The social
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given context is:4) A prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "left" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Location near or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Location near or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Employment" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) The state
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Industrial" in the context of the sentence "Employment, Industrial Relations
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Commission" in the context of the sentence is:5) A special group
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the context of the sentence is:7) Greater than normal
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the context of the sentence provided is:2)
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Member" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) An organization that
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parliament" in the given context is:3) A legislative assembly in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parliament" in the given context is:3) A legislative assembly in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Economic" in the context provided is:5) Of or relating
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Social" in the context of the sentence "Social exclusion conference" is:
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the context of the sentence provided is:2)
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Case Studies" in the given context is:2) A careful study of some
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given context is:5) Concerned with or
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given context is:3) A written document describing the find
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given context is:3) Include or contain; have
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "present" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Introduce
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policies" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practices" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Accept
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improve" in the context of the given sentence is:2) To
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The activities of
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the sentence is:7) Act of improving
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given context is:4) A person who works at
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "community" in the context of the given sentence is:2) A group of
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case study" in the given sentence is:2) A careful study of some
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case studies" in the given context is:2) A careful study of some
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysed" in the given context is:4) Consider in detail and
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "background" in the given sentence is:8) Information that is essential to understanding
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) A force
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The state
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:11) Activity directed
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Evalu
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) Something
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A state
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Visits" in the context of the sentence "Visits and interviews with key personnel
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) The questioning of a
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Of or
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A branch
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the sentence "These national studies will form the basis of
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The most
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the find
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overall" in the context of the sentence "These national studies will form the basis
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practices" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the find
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "published" in the given sentence is:2) Have (one's
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given context is:4) A prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staged" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Plan,
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:6) A foundation that provides funds for
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) Intend
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Record in detail
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "characteristics" in the given context is:7) An essential and distinguishing
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) A time of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) Any condition
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "job" in the context of the given sentence is:14) The state
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the context of the sentence is:2) The activities of educ
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analyse" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Consider in
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "causes" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) Events that
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perspectives" in the given sentence is:5) A mental position from
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Unique
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The process
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paid" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Give money
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Something
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "removing" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the context of the given sentence is:4) An obst
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Evalu
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "private" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Confined to
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A social
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the sentence is:2) A time of life
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Any condition
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In a
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "older" in the given sentence is:3) Advanced in years; (`aged
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A person
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Seeking" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Make
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the context of the sentence "Seeking alternatives to early retirement
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retirement" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The state
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "redundancy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retention" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "older" in the given sentence is:3) Advanced in years; (`aged
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gender" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The properties that
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ethnic" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Denoting
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backgrounds" in the context of the sentence "The gender and ethnic backgrounds of
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A person
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	In the context of the sentence, "The gender and ethnic backgrounds of workers and how these relate to age discrim
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the sentence "The gender and ethnic backgrounds of workers
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "examined" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Consider
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considers" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Give careful
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the sentence "The project also considers initiatives to combat
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the context of the sentence "The project also considers initiatives to combat
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enterprises" in the given context is:5) An organization created for
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "member" in the given context is:5) An organization that is a member
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "covered" in the context of the given sentence is:14) In
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Writing that provides
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Public" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the context of the European Public Assessment Report is:
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given sentence is:3) Make plain and compreh
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Products" in the given context is:7) Commodities offered for sale
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Use" in the context of the given sentence is:4) What something is
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given context is:3) Evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:7) A detailed critical inspection
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	In the given sentence, "performed" refers to the action of conducting or carrying out studies. Therefore, the most
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reach" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Reach
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence is:7) Put into service;
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance mar
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance mar
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "available" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance mar
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A small
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:1) A dose of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:19) Have as a feature
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "score" in the given sentence is:14) The act of scoring in
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the context of the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sides" in the context of the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:5) In a manner that facilit
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) A small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "marked" in the given sentence is:1) Having or as if having
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A surface forming
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letters" in the context of the given sentence is:4) The conventional
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quantity" in the given context is:3) How much there is or how
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A surface forming
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "What is Cerenia used for?" is
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-em
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stops" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-em
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:9) Dogs; wolves
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) Keep from happening or arising
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given context is:2) Give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) Care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cause" in the given context is:2) Give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measures" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Accepted
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not the same
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "special" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) Adapted
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "diet" in the context of the given sentence is:2) The usual
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence provided is:7) Put into service
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "followed" in the context of the sentence is:20) Travel
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A small
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:4) What something is used for
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "days" in the given sentence is:8) Some point or period in time
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "receptor" in the given context is:1) A cellular structure that
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acts" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia blocks a neurokin
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Cerenia been studied?"
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carried out" in the given sentence is:2) Put in effect
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laboratory" in the given context is:2) A workplace for
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:9) Dogs; wolves
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given context is:3) (used with count
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:9) Applying
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:8) A branch
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given context is:5) Provide evidence for
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given context is:2) Comparative of much; to
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the given context is:3) Works well as a means
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placebo" in the given context is:2) An innocuous or in
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	In the given sentence, "less" is used to compare the amount or degree of vomiting seen in dogs that received C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence is:13) See or watch
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:9) Dogs; wolves
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:9) Dogs; wolves
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placebo" in the given context is:2) An innocuous or in
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:9) Dogs; wolves;
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the context of the given sentence is:10) Set
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the context of the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given context is:2) (usually followed by `
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A small
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intact" in the given context is:3) Constituting the und
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A small
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "follow-up" in the given sentence is:4) A subsequent examination
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "owner" in the given sentence is:2) A person who owns something
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administer" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Give or
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:1) A dose of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Can
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:2) And nothing more
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not the same
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Accepted or
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) Not the same
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "addressing" in the context of the given sentence is:7) Address or
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "underlying" in the context of the given sentence is:1) In the
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "causes" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Any entity
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "risk" in the context of the sentence "What is the risk associated with Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Usually;
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia was generally well tolerated when
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tolerated" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Allow
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administered" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Give
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "daily" in the given sentence is:1) Every day; without missing
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dosages" in the given context is:1) A measured portion of
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doses" in the given context is:5) The quantity of an active
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extended" in the context of the given sentence is:5) Relatively
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duration" in the given sentence is:3) The period of time during which
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:5) The management of someone
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "precautions" in the given context is:2) A precaution
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the given context is:4) A human beingIn
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gives" in the context of the sentence "What are the precautions for the
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contact" in the context of the given sentence is:9) The state or
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "represent" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "risk" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
