senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The best definition of "art" in this sentence is **1) A superior skill that you can learn by study and practice
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The best definition for "peculiar" in this sentence is:**1) Characteristic of one only; distinctive or
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "English" in this sentence is **3) The people of England**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **1) The superlative of `much' that can be
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The best definition for "English" in this sentence is **2) Of or relating to or characteristic of England or its culture
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The best definition for "peculiarities" in this context is **2) An odd or unusual characteristic**. Here
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The best definition for "unintelligible" in this context is **1) Not clearly understood or expressed**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "rest" in this context is **4) Freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility)**
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable definition for "world" in this sentence is **6) Everything that exists anywhere**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "scenes" in this context is **6) The place where some action occurs**. Here
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "evoke" in this context is **1) Call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "loveliest" in this context is **2) Appealing to the emotions as well as the
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "ancient" in this context is **1) Very old**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "stone" in this context is **7) Building material consisting of a piece of rock hewn
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "stands" in this context is **8) Hold one's ground; maintain a position;
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is **12) Extensive tract of level open land**.
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable definition for "sound" in this context is **4) The particular auditory effect produced by a given cause.**
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **4) A musical instrument in which the sound is produced by
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable definition for "cascading" in this context is **1) Rush down in big quantities, like a
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this context is:**5) A structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable definition for "calling" in the given sentence is **11) Utter in a loud voice or announce
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable definition for "faithful" in this context is **3) Any loyal and steadfast following**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable definition for "evensong" in this context is **1) The sixth of the seven canonical hours of
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "stop" in the given sentence is:**6) Stop and wait, as if awaiting
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "door" in this sentence is:**1) A swinging or sliding barrier that will close
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:**1) One of the persons who compose a social
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "here" in this sentence is **1) In or at this place; where the speaker or
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "always" in the sentence is:**2) At all times; all the time and
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this sentence is:**5) A structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "men" in this sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:**2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "pull" in this sentence is:**3) Apply force so as to cause motion towards
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in this sentence is:**2) A strong line** Here
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **2) Closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is **7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is **3) The initial time**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable definition for "sounded" in this context is **1) Make a certain noise or sound**.
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable definition for "here" in this sentence is **1) In or at this place; where the speaker or
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "discordant" in this sentence is **1) Not in agreement or harmony**. Here
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "note" in this context is **5) A notation representing the pitch and duration of a musical
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "enjoying" in this sentence is:**3) Derive or receive pleasure from;
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **4) A musical instrument in which the sound is produced by
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "cool" in this sentence is **6) Neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from heat
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the sentence is:**1) The latter part of the day (the
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **2) (superlative of `many' used with count
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "churches" in this sentence is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "sets" in this context is **17) A group of things of the same kind that
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is **1) At a previous time;**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable definition for "Sunday" in this sentence is:**1) First day of the week; observed as
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable definition for "morning" in this sentence is **3) The first light of day**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this sentence is:**1) The latter part of the day (the
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given sentence is:**13) The act of public worship following
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "Now" in the sentence is **2) At the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "only" in the sentence is **2) And nothing more**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "local" in the sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood.**
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in this context is **1) A person who is almost identical to another**.
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "remains" in this context is **1) Continue in a place, position, or situation.**
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "here" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is **1) In or
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "today" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is **1) The day
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "live" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is:**4)
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "group" in this sentence is **8) Any number of entities (members) considered as a
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "including" in this sentence is:**3) Add as part of something else; put
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "training" in this context is **2) The activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "drive" in this context is **2) Travel or be transported in a vehicle**.
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable definition for "Sunday" in this sentence is:**1) First day of the week; observed as
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "effort" in this sentence is **4) Use of physical or mental energy; hard work**.
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "keep" in this context is **9) Continue a certain state, condition, or activity**.
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **4) A musical instrument in which the sound is produced by
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "sounding" in this context is **1) Make a certain noise or sound**. Here
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "even" in this context is **3) In fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is **14) The act of help or assistance.**Here
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this context is **5) A structure taller than its diameter; can stand alone
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "scrape" in this context is **2) Cut the surface of; wear away the surface of
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **6) Utter aloud**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "worker" in this context is **4) A person who works at a specific occupation.**
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "tried" in the sentence "We've tried to train the youngsters, but they have their
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "train" in the given sentence is **2) Teach and supervise (someone); act as a
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "discos" in the sentence is **1) Popular dance music (especially in the late
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "dances" in the sentence is **2) Taking a series of rhythmical steps (and
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "just" in the sentence is **5) Exactly at this moment or the moment described;**.
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "drift" in the sentence is **10) Wander from a direct course or at random.**
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "away" in the sentence is **8) At a distance in space or time**.
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "worries" in this sentence is **5) Be worried, concerned, anxious, troubled,
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "youth" in this context is **6) A young person (especially a young man or boy
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "ranks" in this sentence is **1) The body of members of an organization or group.**
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "group" in this sentence is **8) Any number of entities (members) considered as a
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "keeps" in this context is **9) Continue a certain state, condition, or activity**.
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is **11) A hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "History" in the sentence "History, after all, is not on his side" is:
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "side" in the sentence "History, after all, is not on his side" is **
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "survey" in this context is **4) A form containing a set of questions; submitted to
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this context is **5) Get into one's hands, take physically**.
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:**11) A hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "no" in the sentence is **3) Used to express refusal or denial or disagreement etc or
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable definition for "rung" in this context is **3) Ring or echo with sound**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The most suitable definition for "Sundays" in this sentence is:**1) First day of the week; observed
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable definition for "ring" in this context is **3) Ring or echo with sound**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "easy" in the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art is on the ropes
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "see" in the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art is on the ropes
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "ancient" in the sentence is **1) Very old**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "art" in the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art is on the ropes
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "less" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of little**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "version" in this context is **2) A written work (as a novel) that has
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The best definition for "playing" in this context is **9) Play on an instrument**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "tunes" in this context is **3) A succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence.**
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is **4) A musical instrument in which the sound is produced by
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "continental" in this sentence is:**1) Of or pertaining to or typical of Europe
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "Europe" in the sentence is **2) The nations of the European continent collectively**.
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "considered" in this context is **6) Deem to be**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "English" in this sentence is **5) An Indo-European language belonging to the West Germanic
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The best definition for "fit" in this context is **4) (usually followed by `to' or `for')
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **2) And nothing more**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	The most suitable definition for "foreigners" in this context is **2) A person who comes from a foreign country;
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "English" in this context is **5) An Indo-European language belonging to the West Germanic
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "invented" in this context is **2) Come up with (an idea, plan,
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "requires" in this sentence is **2) Make someone do something**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The best definition for "physical" in this context is **4) Involving the body as distinguished from the mind or spirit
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **11) A hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable definition for "weigh" in this context is **2) Have weight; have import, carry weight.**
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable definition for "intense" in this context is **1) Extremely sharp or intense**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable definition for "mental" in this context is **1) Involving the mind or an intellectual process.**
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable definition for "concentration" in the given sentence is:**3) Great and constant diligence and attention**
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition is **1) Of or relating to the English language**. Here's why:*
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **11) A hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is **9) (often plural) a series of professional calls
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "highest-pitched" in this context is **2) Used of sounds and voices; high in
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "bell" in the given sentence is:**4) A musical instrument in which the sound
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "lowest" in the given sentence is **6) Literal meanings; being at or having a relatively
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the context of the sentence is **6) Having few parts; not complex or
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "scale" in the given sentence is **7) A line (as on a vessel or ruler
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "using" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "churches" in this context is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **11) A hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "Then" in the sentence is **1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "signal" in this context is **1) Any nonverbal action or gesture that encodes a message.**
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:**8) Set in motion, cause to start
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "varying" in this context is:**1) Become different in some particular way, without
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "order" in the given sentence is **5) A condition of regular or proper arrangement**.
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:**7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The best definition for "sound" in this context is **7) Give off a certain sound or sounds**. Here
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "altering" in this context is:**3) Cause to change; make different;
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable definition for "steady" in this context is **1) Not liable to fluctuate or especially to fall**.
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "rhythm" in the given sentence is:**4) Recurring at regular intervals**
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	The most suitable definition for "striking" in this sentence is **2) The act of contacting one thing with another.**
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The best definition for "variation" in the given sentence is:**5) Something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "occur" in this sentence is:**1) Happen, occur, or be the case
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in the sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is **2) On one occasion**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the sentence is: **7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action**.
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	The most suitable definition for "state" in this sentence is **2) Put before**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "Ringers" in this sentence is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "methods" in this sentence is **4) A way of doing something, especially a systematic way
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "names" in this context is **6) A language unit by which a person or thing is
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "series" in the given sentence is **8) Similar things placed in order or happening one after
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "takes" in this context is **12) Require (time or space)**.
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "about" in this context is **5) (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "hours" in this sentence is **1) Clock time**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "look" in this context is **1) The act of directing the eyes toward something and perceiving
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "night" in the sentence is:**1) The time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "practice" in the given sentence is **7) A practice session in preparation for a public performance
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "gives" in the given sentence is **9) Bring about**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this context is **2) A personal view**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is **10) The total output of a writer or artist
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this context is **1) Connected by participation or association or use**.
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "stand" in this context is **8) Hold one's ground; maintain a position;
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "circle" in this sentence is **3) Ellipse in which the two axes are of equal length
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "foot" in this sentence is **11) The part of the leg of a human being
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in this context is **3) In a forward direction**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "stance" in this sentence is **1) Standing posture**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "pulling" in this context is **3) Apply force so as to cause motion towards the
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "rope" in this sentence is **2) A strong line**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "small" in the context of the sentence is **8) Slight or limited; especially in degree
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "hole" in this context is **5) An opening into or through something**. Here
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for "high" in this sentence is **6) (literal meaning) being at or having a relatively
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable definition for "ceiling" in this sentence is:**1) The overhead upper surface of a covered space
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable definition for "chamber" in this context is **2) An area within a building enclosed by walls and floor
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "speaks" in this sentence is **2) Express in speech**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in this sentence is **2) A strong line**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this sentence is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The best definition for "make" in this context is **6) Make by shaping or bringing together constituents**. Here
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The best definition for "sound" in this context is **4) The particular auditory effect produced by a given cause.**
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is **4) A musical instrument in which the sound is produced by
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable definition for "muffled" in this sentence is **1) Deaden (a sound or noise), especially
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for "ceiling" in this sentence is:**1) The overhead upper surface of a covered space
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "absorbed" in this sentence is **1) Giving or marked by complete attention to**.
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "stare" in this context is **1) Fixate one's eyes**. Here
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "straight" in this context is **2) In a straight line; in a direct course**.
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in this context is **3) In a forward direction**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "call" in the context of the sentence is **9) Make a demand, as for a
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The best definition for "watch" in this context is **1) Follow with the eyes or the mind**. Here
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in this sentence is:**2) A strong line** Here
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable definition for "thus" in this sentence is **2) (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence is:**1) Measure the time or duration of an event
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable definition for "pulls" in this context is:**5) The act of pulling; applying force
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "Far" in this sentence is **4) At or to a certain point or degree**.
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "above" in this sentence is **1) In or to a place that is higher**.
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "bronze" in this sentence is **1) Made from or consisting of bronze**. Here
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "mounted" in this context is **2) Fix onto a backing, setting, or support.**
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable definition for "wheels" in this sentence is **5) A simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The best definition for "swing" in this context is **6) Change direction with a swinging motion; turn**.
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable definition for "madly" in this context is **2) In an uncontrolled manner**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable definition for "full" in this context is **4) Complete in extent or degree and in every particular.**
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable definition for "degrees" in this context is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable definition for "starting" in this context is **4) Begin an event that is implied and limited by the
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable definition for "ending" in this context is **3) Be the end of; be the last or concluding
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable definition for "inverted" in this sentence is:**2) Being in such a position that top and
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable definition for "position" in the given sentence is **10) The spatial property of a place where or
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable definition for "retard" in this sentence is **3) Cause to move more slowly or operate at a slower
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The best definition for "swing" in this context is **1) Changing location by moving back and forth**. Here
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable definition for "so" in the sentence is **3) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable definition for "bell" in the given sentence is:**4) A musical instrument in which the sound
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable definition for "swap" in this sentence is **2) Exchange or give (something) in exchange for**.
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "places" in the given sentence is **16) The particular portion of space occupied by something
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "well-known" in this context is **1) Widely or fully known**. Here
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this context is **5) Occupy or engage the interest of**.
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "English" in this context is **1) Of or relating to the English language.**Here
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable definition for "described" in this context is **2) To give an account or representation of in words**.
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable definition for "passion" in this context is **4) A strong feeling or emotion**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable definition for "finds" in this context is **7) Find out, learn, or determine with certainty,
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable definition for "satisfaction" in this context is **3) State of being gratified or satisfied**. Here
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable definition for "mathematical" in this context is **1) Of or pertaining to or of the nature of mathematics
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable definition for "completeness" in this context is:**1) The state of being complete and entire
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The best definition for "mechanical" in this context is **1) Relating to or governed by or in accordance with mechanics.**
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable definition of "perfection" in this context is **3) The state of being without a flaw or defect
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "Ringers" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "added" in this context is **1) Make an addition (to); join or combine or
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "filled" in this context is **1) (usually followed by `with' or used as
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "solemn" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Dignified and
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "comes" in the sentence is **12) Reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for "ritual" in this context is **1) The prescribed procedure for conducting religious ceremonies**.
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable definition for "performed" in this context is **1) Carry out or perform an action**. Here
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is **2) Undergo a change or development.**Here'
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition of "obsession" in the context of the sentence is **3) An unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "admits" in this context is **3) Allow to enter; grant entry to**.
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "master" in this context is **8) Directs the work of others**. Here
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for "best" in this context is **1) (superlative of `good') having the most
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable definition for "female" in this context is **2) For or pertaining to or composed of women or girls
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "passion" in the sentence is:**4) A strong feeling or emotion**
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "stays" in the sentence "It is a passion that usually stays in the tower, however"
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable definition for "tower" in the sentence is:**5) A structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "however" in the sentence "It is a passion that usually stays in the tower, however"
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The correct answer is **2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent**.Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable definition for "often" in the sentence is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "think of" in the given sentence is **5) Keep in mind for attention or consideration**.
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "bottom" in the sentence is **4) The lowest part of anything**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "completed" in the sentence is:**3) Complete or carry out**Here'
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "worked up" in this context is **3) Develop**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "sweat" in this context is **4) Use of physical or mental energy; hard work**.
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "skip" in this context is **1) Leave suddenly**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood.**
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "leaving" in the given sentence is **16) Remove oneself from an association with or participation
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable definition for "worship" in this sentence is **1) The activity of worshipping**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "below" in this sentence is **4) In or to a place that is lower**.
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "well" in the context of the sentence "This does not sit well with some clerics"
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "membership" in this sentence is:**1) The body of members of an organization or
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "steadily" in this sentence is **1) In a steady manner**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable definition for "vicars" in the given sentence is:**2) (Church of England) a
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "pressing" in this context is **4) Exert pressure or force to or upon**.
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "equally" in this sentence is:**1) In equal amounts or shares; in
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable definition for "attend" in this context is **7) Be present at (meetings, church services, university
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable definition for "services" in the given sentence is:**13) The act of public worship following
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in this sentence is:**2) (Church of England) a clergyman
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable definition for "got" in this context is **3) Leave immediately; used usually in the imperative form**.
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is **3) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "attend" in this context is **7) Be present at (meetings, church services, university
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given sentence is:**13) The act of public worship following
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable definition for "sacked" in this context is:**1) Terminate the employment of; discharge
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable definition for "entire" in this context is **4) Constituting the full quantity or extent; complete**.
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable definition for "promptly" in this context is **1) With little or no delay**. Here
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable definition of "protest" in this context is **3) The act of protesting; a public (often organized
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "club" in this context is **9) A formal association of people with similar interests.**
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "treated" in this context is **4) Regard or consider in a specific way.**Here
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this context is **5) A structure taller than its diameter; can stand alone
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "sort" in this context is **4) An operation that segregates items into groups according to
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "separate" in this context is **3) Independent; not united or joint**. Here
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "today" in the sentence is **1) The day that includes the present moment (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:**1) One of the persons who compose a
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "congregation" in this sentence is:**1) A group of people who adhere to
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "still" in the sentence is **3) Despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "ring" in this sentence is **3) Ring or echo with sound**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the sentence is **7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is **4) A musical instrument in which the sound is produced by
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "silent" in the given sentence is:**4) Marked by absence of sound**
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "following" in the given sentence is:**6) Come as a logical consequence; follow
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the sentence is:**2) (Church of England) a clergyman
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "refuses" in this context is **5) Show unwillingness towards**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "talk about" in this context is **1) Discuss or mention**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in that sentence is:**2) (Church of England) a clergyman
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "feels" in this context is **6) Be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for "fault" in this context is **6) A wrong action attributable to bad judgment or ignorance or
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is:**1) Nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable definition for "altar" in this sentence is:**1) A raised structure on which gifts or sacrifices
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "So" in this sentence is **3) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "here" in this sentence is **4) To this place (especially toward the speaker)**.
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for "come" in the sentence is **6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable definition for "above" in this sentence is **1) In or to a place that is higher**.
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The best definition for "making" in this context is **14) Engage in**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	The most suitable definition for "very" in this sentence is **2) Used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable definition for "exit" in this sentence is **1) An opening that permits escape or release.**Here
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable definition for "congregation" in this sentence is **1) A group of people who adhere to a common
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable definition for "prayer" in this context is **3) Reverent petition to a deity**. Here
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **6) Utter aloud**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable definition for "admits" in this context is **4) Declare to be true or admit the existence or
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "mixed" in this context is **2) Consisting of a haphazard assortment of different kinds.**
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "feelings" in this context is **2) The experiencing of affective and emotional states**.
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "issue" in this context is **3) An important question that is in dispute and must be
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the sentence is:**2) (Church of England) a clergyman
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for "active" in the context of the sentence is **3) (used of verbs (e.
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	The most suitable definition for "bell-ringer" in this context is:**1) A person who rings church bells
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The best definition for "sound" in this context is **4) The particular auditory effect produced by a given cause**.
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the sentence is **4) A musical instrument in which the sound is produced by
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The best definition for "draw" in this context is **22) Move or pull so as to cover or uncover something
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "live" in the sentence is **7) Have life, be alive**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is **3) The general feeling that some desire will be
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:**2) A person who rings church bells
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The best definition for "drawn" in the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn into that
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "fuller" in the context of the sentence is **4) Complete in extent or degree and
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable definition for "life" in the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn into
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "sort" in this context is **4) An operation that segregates items into groups according to
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition of "parliament" in this context is **3) A legislative assembly in certain countries**. Here
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "groups" in this context is **4) An organization of musicians who perform together**.
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "aims" in this context is **3) Intend (something) to move towards a
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "improve" in this context is **1) Get better**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "vicars" in this context is **2) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed to
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is:**1) The presiding officer of a deliberative assembly
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in this context is **1) Intend with some possibility of fulfilment.**
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "speak" in this context is **2) Express in speech**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:**1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable definition for "colleges" in this context is:**1) An institution of higher education created to
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "joys" in this context is **3) Activities that are enjoyable or amusing.**Here'
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable definition for "bell ringing" in this context is:**2) Playing a set of bells that are
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable definition for "shortly" in this context is **2) In the near future**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable definition for "publish" in this context is **1) Prepare and issue for public distribution or sale**.
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in this context is **2) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed to
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is **4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The most suitable definition for "entitled" in this context is **2) Give a title to**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable definition for "Bells" in this context is **4) A musical instrument in which the sound is produced
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable definition for "Care" in this context is **3) Attention and management implying responsibility for safety.**Here
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "Says" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "recognize" in this context is **6) Be fully aware or cognizant of**.
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "no" in the sentence is **3) Used to express refusal or denial or disagreement etc or
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable definition for "high" in this context is **2) Standing above others in quality or position.**Here
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable definition for "priority" in this sentence is **4) Status established in order of importance or urgency.**
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is:**7) The experience of being alive; the
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable definition for "experience" in this sentence is **3) The accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "attacking" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Set to work upon
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable definition for "problem" in the sentence is **3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolved.**
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is **2) A person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "survey" in this context is **4) A form containing a set of questions; submitted to
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "bellringers" in this sentence is:**1) A person who rings church bells
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable definition for "today" in the sentence is **1) The day that includes the present moment (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable definition for "still" in this sentence is:**1) With reference to action or condition; without
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable definition for "always" in the sentence is:**1) Without variation or change, in every case
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable definition for "live" in the sentence is **4) Inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the sentence is **11) A hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable definition for "need" in the sentence is **1) Have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable definition for "rung" in this context is **3) Ring or echo with sound**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable definition for "small" in the sentence is **3) Limited in size or scope**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "council" in this sentence is **1) A body serving in an administrative capacity.**Here
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is **2) A planned undertaking**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for "attract" in this context is **2) Be attractive to**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "train" in the context of the sentence is:**12) Undergo training or
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in the sentence is **2) And nothing more**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "right" in this sentence is **1) In the right manner**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the sentence is **2) At the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "lucky" in this context is **2) Occurring by chance**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in this context is **1) A person who is almost identical to another**.
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	The most suitable definition for "adds" in this sentence is **1) Make an addition (to); join or combine or
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "bright" in this context is **3) Having lots of light either natural or artificial**.
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "sign" in the given sentence is **4) Any nonverbal action or gesture that encodes a message
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable definition for "number" in the sentence is **2) How much there is or how many there are of
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:**2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for "entered" in this context is **1) Become a participant; be involved in**.
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is **1) At a previous time;**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable definition for "field" in the given sentence is **2) Somewhere (away from a studio or office or
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "third" in this sentence is:**5) Following the second position in an ordering or
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable definition for "today" in the sentence is **1) The day that includes the present moment (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:**2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "accepted" in the sentence "They are not accepted everywhere" is **8) Give an affirmative
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable definition for "however" in the sentence "They are not accepted everywhere, however" is **3) By
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "bell-ringing" in this context is:**2) Playing a set of bells that
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "group" in this context is **8) Any number of entities (members) considered as a
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is **4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "founded" in this context is **3) Set up or found**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable definition for "remains" in this context is **1) Continue in a place, position, or situation.**
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this context is **6) A statement or assertion of verified information about something that
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "particularly" in this sentence is **1) Specifically or especially distinguished from others**. Here
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable definition for "women" in this context is **2) An adult female person (as opposed to a man
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable definition for "group" in this context is **8) Any number of entities (members) considered as a
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **2) Used to form the superlative**. Here
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable definition for "churches" in this context is **4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is **2) An adult female person (as opposed to a man
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for "filed" in this context is **2) Record in a public office or in a court of
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable definition for "suit" in this context is **3) A petition or appeal made to a person of superior
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "extent" in this sentence is **2) The point or degree to which something extends**.
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is **2) A source of difficulty**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable definition for "surfaced" in this sentence is **3) Come to the surface**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	The most suitable definition for "summer" in this context is:**1) The warmest season of the year; in
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable definition for "series" in this context is **8) Similar things placed in order or happening one after another
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "letters" in this context is:**1) A written message addressed to a person or
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	The most suitable definition for "newspaper" in this context is:**1) A daily or weekly publication on folded sheets
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "writer" in this context is **2) A person who is able to write and has written
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "signing" in this context is **3) Mark with one's signature; write one'
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable definition for "letter" in this context is:**1) A written message addressed to a person or
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "male" in this context is:**3) An adult person who is male (as
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for "remarked" in this context is **2) Make or write a comment on**.
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable definition of "frequency" in this context is **4) The number of occurrences within a given time period.**
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "women" in this context is **2) An adult female person (as opposed to a man
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "suggested" in this context is **5) Imply as a possibility**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable definition for "back" in this sentence is **2) At or to or toward the back or rear**.
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "traditional" in this context is **2) Consisting of or derived from tradition.**Here
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable definition of "role" in this context is **3) Normal or customary activity of a person in a particular
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable definition for "making" in this context is **14) Engage in**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable definition for "tea" in this context is **4) A beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in this context is **1) The social act of assembling for some common purpose.**
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable definition for "torrent" in this context is **3) A violently fast stream of water (or other liquid
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "replies" in this context is:**2) A statement (either spoken or written)
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "followed" in the given sentence is:**6) Come as a logical consequence; follow
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is **2) An adult female person (as opposed to a man
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for summoning
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable definition for "observed" in this context is **6) Observe with care or pay close attention to**.
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is **4) Approximating the statistical norm or average or expected
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable definition for "male" in this context is **1) Characteristic of a man**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in this context is **2) A person who rings church bells (as for summoning
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The best definition for "badly" in this context is **6) Without skill or in a displeasing manner**.
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable definition for "dressed" in this context is **3) Dressed or clothed especially in fine attire; often used
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The most suitable definition for "large" in this context is **2) Above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The most suitable definition for "unwashed" in this context is **2) Not cleaned with or as if with soap and
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:**2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "wrote" in this context is **2) Communicate or express by writing**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "never" in the sentence is:**1) Not ever; at no time in the
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "known" in this context is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or a
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "lady" in this context is:**1) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "belfry" in that sentence is:**3) A room (often at the top
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "seen" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless them" is
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "men" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless them" is
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable definition for "die" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless them" is
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Medical" in that sentence is:**1) Relating to the study or practice of medicine
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "starting" in the given sentence is **11) Get going or set in motion**.
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "handful" in this sentence is **1) A small number or amount**. Here
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "unleash" in this context is **6) Turn loose or free from restraint**.
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "chaotic" in this context is **3) Completely unordered and unpredictable and confusing.**
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the sentence is:**3) (pathology) an abnormal proliferation of
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable definition for "characterizes" in this sentence is:**2) Be characteristic of** Here
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **4) The act of discovering something**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this sentence is **1) Of the immediate past or just previous to the present
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "new" in the context of the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "develops" in the given sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "understanding" in the sentence is:**1) An ability to understand the meaning or importance
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "expected" in this context is **6) Regard something as probable or likely**. Here
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "produce" in this context is **8) Bring forth or yield**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "array" in this context is **1) An orderly arrangement**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "new" in the context of the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for "strategies" in this sentence is **2) An elaborate and systematic plan of action**.
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "future" in the sentence is **2) Yet to be or coming**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "future" in the sentence "That is for the future" is:**2) The
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "developing" in the given sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "based" in this sentence is:**1) Use as a basis for; found on
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "identified" in this context is **4) Recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "first" in the sentence is **3) Preceding all others in time or space or degree
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:**8) The continuum of experience in which events
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for "otherwise" in this sentence is **1) In other respects or ways**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable definition for "healthy" in the sentence is:**3) Having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this sentence is **1) A human being**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "likely" in the sentence is:**2) Has a good chance of being the case
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for "get" in this context is **10) Be stricken by an illness, fall victim to
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "set" in this context is **17) A group of things of the same kind that
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this context is **1) A productive insight**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "Only" in this sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "decade" in this sentence is:**1) A period of 10 years**
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is **4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "knew" in the sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or a
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "molecular" in the sentence is **2) Relating to or produced by or consisting of molecules.**
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "level" in the sentence is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "Today" in the sentence is **1) The day that includes the present moment (as opposed
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "accumulation" in this context is **2) An increase by natural growth or addition**.
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "altered" in this context is:**3) Changed in form or character without becoming something
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "initiate" in this context is **5) Set in motion, start an event or prepare the
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is **3) In that case or as a consequence**.
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "propel" in this sentence is **2) Cause to move forward with force.**Here
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable definition for "deadly" in this context is **5) Causing or capable of causing death.**
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable definition for "state" in this context is **9) The territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "call" in the given sentence is **11) Utter in a loud voice or announce
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "class" in this sentence is **3) A collection of things sharing a common attribute.**
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "simply" in this sentence is **2) Absolutely; altogether; really**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "functioning" in the sentence is:**3) Serve a purpose, role, or function
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The best definition for "make" in this sentence is **6) Create or manufacture a man-made product**.
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "hold" in the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that hold a cell's
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the sentence is **2) (biology) the process of an individual organism growing
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage**. Here
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "radiation" in the given sentence is:**6) Energy that is radiated or transmitted in
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is **14) Have an effect or outcome; often the
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "turn" in this context is **11) Undergo a transformation or a change of position
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "identified" in this context is **4) Recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "differ" in this sentence is:**2) Be different** Here's
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "family" in this context is **5) A collection of things sharing a common attribute.**
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "discovered" in this context is **5) Make a discovery, make a new finding**.
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "early" in this context is:**1) At or near the beginning of a period
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "called" in this context is **12) Consider or regard as being**. Here
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "present" in this context is **1) Being or existing in a specified place.**Here
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is **1) Enter or assume a certain state or condition.**
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is **7) Find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "normal" in this context is **3) Conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for "cancerous" in this context is **2) Relating to or affected with cancer**.
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "suggesting" in this context is **5) Imply as a possibility**. Here
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable definition for "cause" in this context is **2) Give rise to; cause to happen or occur,
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the context of the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is **1) Of the immediate past or just previous to the present
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "come" in the given sentence is **6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody or
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "believe" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Expect, believe, or
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable definition for "turn" in this context is **22) Shape by rotating on a lathe or cutting device
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage.**Here'
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is **3) Receive by genetic transmission**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "parent" in this context is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The best definition for "make" in this context is **6) Make by shaping or bringing together constituents**. Here
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "needed" in this sentence is **1) Have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "control" in this sentence is **4) Lessen the intensity of; temper; hold in
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the sentence is **2) (biology) the process of an individual organism growing
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "arise" in this context is **2) Originate or come into being**. Here
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "impaired" in this sentence is **2) Diminished in strength, quality, or utility
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "person" in this sentence is **4) A human being**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "born" in this context is **13) Have**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage**. Here
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "early" in this context is **1) Before the usual time or the time expected**.
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is:**2) The period during which something is functional
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is **2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable definition for "lose" in this context is **8) Miss from one's possessions; lose sight of
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "Emerging" in this context is **2) Coming into existence**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this context is **4) Of or relating to the science of genetics**.
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "able" in this context is **2) (usually followed by `to') having the necessary
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "individuals" in this context is **1) A human being**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "believe" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Expect, believe, or
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "new" in the context of the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "age" in this context is **1) How long something has existed**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is **3) Preceding all others in time or space or degree
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "beneficiaries" in this sentence is:**1) The recipient of funds or other benefits
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "findings" in this sentence is **2) Something that is found**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this context is **1) A pair of people who live together**.
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "knew" in this context is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or a
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "even" in this sentence is **3) In fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "before" in this sentence is **3) Earlier in time; previously**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "became" in this sentence is **1) Enter or assume a certain state or condition.**
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "pregnant" in this sentence is:**2) Carrying developing offspring within the body or being
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "child" in this sentence is **4) A female human offspring**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "chance" in this context is **5) A measure of how likely it is that some event
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this context is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "occurs" in this sentence is:**3) Come to pass** Here'
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for "about" in this sentence is **4) In the area or vicinity**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is **2) On one occasion**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable definition for "births" in this context is **6) The parturition process in human beings;
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "knew" in this context is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or a
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "carried" in this sentence is **13) Contain or hold; have within**.
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "lost" in this context is **8) Miss from one's possessions; lose sight of
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable definition for "mother" in this context is:**6) A woman who has given birth to a
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in this context is **6) Undergo or suffer**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is **3) Same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable definition for "fate" in this context is:**1) Your overall circumstances or condition in life (
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable definition for "baby" in this context is **6) An unborn child; a human fetus**.
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "isolation" in this context is:**4) The act of isolating something; setting something
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "became" in this sentence is **2) Undergo a change or development**. Here
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this sentence is **2) Capable of happening or existing**. Here
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "last" in the sentence is **9) Immediately past**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "find out" in this context is:**1) Find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition of "threat" in this context is **3) Something that is a source of danger**.
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "baby" in the given sentence is:**6) An unborn child; a human fetus
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable definition for "faced" in this sentence is **7) Turn so as to face; turn the face in
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in this context is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is **4) Of or relating to the science of genetics**.
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this context is **3) Establish the validity of something, as by an example
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "little" in this sentence is **1) (of children and animals) young, immature**.
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is **3) Receive by genetic transmission**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable definition for "faced" in this sentence is **7) Turn so as to face; turn the face in
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **1) (comparative of `many' used with count
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable definition for "risk" in this sentence is **4) A source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is:**5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable definition for "developing" in this context is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve through
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this context is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in the sentence "It made our New Year" is **4. Represent fictiti
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is **3) Preceding all others in time or space or degree
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this sentence is **1) A human being**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "expect" in this sentence is **6) Regard something as probable or likely**. Here
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "Equally" in this sentence is:**1) In equal amounts or shares; in
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "important" in this context is **2) Of great significance or value**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **4) The act of discovering something**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "controls" in this context is **5) Exercise authoritative control or power over**. Here
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the context of the sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence is:**2) (biology) the process
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "made" in this context is **6) Create or manufacture a man-made product**.
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "doctor" in this context is:**1) A licensed medical practitioner** Here
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for "named" in this context is **7) Give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable definition for "opened" in this context is **1) Start to operate or function or cause to start operating
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is **1) Of the immediate past or just previous to the present
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable definition for "exploded" in the context of the sentence is **4) Increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "turns out" in this context is **4) Prove to be in the result or end**.
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "studying" in this context is **3) Consider in detail and subject to an analysis in
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "tragic" in this context is **2) Very sad; especially involving grief or death or
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "uncommon" in this context is:**1) Not common or ordinarily encountered; unusually
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The best definition for "made" in this context is **5) Organize or be responsible for**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this context is **2) Capable of happening or existing**. Here
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "fundamental" in this context is **2) Being or involving basic facts or principles.**Here
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable definition for "insights" in this context is **4) The clear (and often sudden) understanding of a
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for "basic" in this context is:**1) Reduced to the simplest and most significant form
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the context of the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable definition for "director" in this context is **3) A person who exercises control and makes decisions.**
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "public" in this sentence is **3) People in general considered as a whole.**Here
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in this sentence is **3) Feeling or showing worry or solicitude.**Here
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "advances" in this context is **5) A change for the better; progress in development
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is **1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially medical procedures
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "basic" in this context is:**1) Reduced to the simplest and most significant form
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "begin" in this context is **6) Have a beginning, of a temporal event**.
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "showing" in this context is **7) Make visible or noticeable**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is **3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "there" in this sentence is **2) In or at that place**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in this context is **5) Organize or be responsible for**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **4) The act of discovering something**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is **1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the sentence is **9) Immediately past**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "spring" in the sentence is **6) The season of growth**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "reported" in this context is **5) Announce as the result of an investigation or experience
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the sentence is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable definition for "called" in the sentence is **12) Consider or regard as being**. Here
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable definition for "impaired" in this context is **2) Make worse or less effective**. Here
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable definition for "turns" in the given sentence is **2) Turn sharply; change direction abruptly**.
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable definition for "healthy" in the sentence is:**3) Having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable definition for "colon" in that sentence is:**3) The part of the large intestine between the
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable definition for "cancerous" in that sentence is:**2) Relating to or affected with cancer**
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "teams" in this context is **1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**.
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this context is:**1) An indication that makes something evident**
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is **3) Same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for "present" in this sentence is **1) Being or existing in a specified place.**Here
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in this context is:**2) Part of an organism consisting of an aggregate
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **2) Used to form the superlative**. Here
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given sentence is **5) Commonly encountered**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for "forms" in this context is **14) A category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable definition for "killing" in this context is **1) Cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable definition is **4) A native or inhabitant of the United States**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "right" in the sentence is **1) In the right manner**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the sentence is **2) At the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "about" in this sentence is **4) In the area or vicinity**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "laboratories" in this sentence is **2) A workplace for the conduct of scientific research**.
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 5
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for "racing" in this context is **1) To work as fast as possible towards a goal,
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "about" in the sentence "They have about seven candidates" is **5) (of quantities
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "alone" in this sentence is:**2) Without any others being included or involved**
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "combination" in this context is **3) The act of combining things to form a new whole
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "appears" in this context is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "crucial" in this sentence is **3) Of the greatest importance**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "development" in the given sentence is:**1) A process in which something passes by
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "scourges" in this context is **2) Something causing misery or death**.
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "brain" in the given sentence is:**4) That part of the central nervous system
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable definition for "skin" in the given sentence is **8) A natural protective body covering and site of the
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition for "cervix" in the given sentence is:**1) Necklike opening to the uterus
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this sentence is:**4) Your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "inherit" in this sentence is **3) Receive by genetic transmission**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "versions" in this context is **6) Something a little different from others of the same type
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is **2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "explaining" in this sentence is **2) Serve as a reason or cause or justification of
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "finally" in this sentence is **1) After an unspecified period of time or an especially long
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this sentence is **4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable definition for "seem" in this sentence is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this sentence is **1) Definite but not specified or identified.**Here
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable definition for "families" in this context is **6) People descended from a common ancestor**. Here
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "story" in this context is:**3) A record or narrative description of past events
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "goes back" in this context is **1) Belong to an earlier time**. Here
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable definition for "named" in this context is **7) Give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "proposed" in this context is **1) Put forward; nominate for appointment to an office or
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in this sentence is **3) Grow out of, have roots in, originate
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "separate" in this context is **3) Independent; not united or joint**. Here
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this context is **4) Of or relating to the science of genetics**.
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable definition for "defects" in this context is **1) A failing or deficiency**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "theorized" in this sentence is **3) To believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this sentence is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this sentence is **4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is **3) Receive by genetic transmission**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable definition for "parent" in this sentence is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable definition for "normal" in this context is **3) Conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "developed" in the sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve through
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is **2) Coming next after the first in position in space or
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "normal" in this sentence is **3) Conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this sentence is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence "But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson's
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "prove" in this context is **3) Establish the validity of something, as by an example
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "theory" in the sentence is **3) A tentative insight into the natural world; a concept
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "back" in the sentence is **2) At or to or toward the back or rear**.
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is **2) At that time**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is **9) How a result is obtained or an end is
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "specific" in this context is **2) (sometimes followed by `to') applying to or
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for "see" in this context is **13) See or watch**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable definition for "pairs" in this context is:**1) Two items of the same kind**
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition for "contain" in this sentence is:**3) Include or contain; have as a component
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable definition for "gross" in the context of the sentence is **4) Visible to the naked eye (especially
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "damage" in the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome damage was visible" is **4) The
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable definition for "visible" in the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome damage was visible" is **2) Ob
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is:**5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is **3) Receive by genetic transmission**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for "parent" in this context is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "actually" in the sentence is **3) In actual fact**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "see" in the sentence "Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "bit" in this context is **3) A small piece or quantity of something**.
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "assumed" in the given sentence is:**4) Take to be the case or to
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "piece" in this context is **2) A separate part of a whole**. Here
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "contained" in this sentence is:**3) Include or contain; have as a component
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable definition for "loss" in this context is **2) Something that is lost**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "critical" in this sentence is **2) Forming or having the nature of a turning point or
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for "role" in this sentence is **1) The actions and activities assigned to or required or expected
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "setting off" in this context is **2) Set in motion or cause to begin**.
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the sentence "But he did not know which gene or genes had disappeared" is
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is **1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "scientific" in this context is **2) Of or relating to the practice of science.**
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is **1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**.
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "led" in this context is **2) Be in charge of**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is **1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable definition for "answer" in this context is **2) A statement (either spoken or written) that is
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "battery" in this context is **2) A device that produces electricity; may have several primary
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "developed" in the context of the sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold,
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is **4) Of or relating to or produced by or being a
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable definition for "material" in this sentence is **3) The tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable definition for "presence" in this context is **7) The state of being present; current existence**.
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "analyzing" in this context is:**4) Consider in detail and subject to an
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "extracted" in this context is **2) Obtain from a substance, as by mechanical action**.
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "defects" in this context is **1) A failing or deficiency**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is **2) Coming next after the first in position in space or
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for "exact" in this context is **2) Conforming exactly or almost exactly to fact or to
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable definition for "first" in this context is **3) Preceding all others in time or space or degree
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is **2) Something that is found
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is:**6) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "first" in the sentence is **3) Preceding all others in time or space or degree
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence is:**1) An instance or single occasion for some event
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this sentence is **3) Establish the validity of something, as by an example
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "loss" in the sentence is **2) Something that is lost**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **3) Same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "lead" in the sentence is **11) Cause something to pass or lead somewhere**.
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable definition for "eruption" in this context is **2) A sudden violent spontaneous occurrence (usually of some
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "satisfying" in this context is **1) Providing abundant nourishment**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "now" in the sentence is **2) At the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "true" in this sentence is **11) Consistent with fact or reality; not false**.
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for "true" in this sentence is **11) Consistent with fact or reality; not false**.
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the sentence is **4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "audacious" in the sentence "It was an audacious claim" is **3) Dis
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the sentence "It was an audacious claim" is:**7)
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "young" in this context is **2) (used of living things especially persons) in an
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "believed" in this context is **2) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "right" in this context is **12) Correct in opinion or judgment**. Here
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "set out" in this context is **2) Take the first step or steps in carrying out
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable definition for "repeat" in this context is **3) Make or do or perform again**. Here
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable definition of "experiment" in this context is:**1) The act of conducting a controlled test or
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this context is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this context is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "teams" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **5) Announce as the result of an investigation or experience
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable definition for "dual" in this sentence is:**2) Consisting of or involving two parts or
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "losses" in this context is **2) Something that is lost**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable definition for "childhood" in this sentence is:**1) The state of a child between infancy
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable definition for "called" in this sentence is **12) Consider or regard as being**. Here
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "turned" in this sentence is **1) Direct one's interest or attention towards; go
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable definition for "attention" in this context is **2) The faculty or power of mental concentration**.
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is:**2) Coming next after the first in position in
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable definition for "biggest" in this context is **3) Above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable definition for "killer" in this context is **2) Someone who causes the death of a person or animal
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 5
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "believed" in this context is **2) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable definition for "arise" in this context is **2) Originate or come into being**. Here
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this context is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable definition for "stages" in this context is **8) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "preceded" in this sentence is:**1) Come before** Here'
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable definition for "development" in the given sentence is:**1) A process in which something passes by
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this context is:**3) A small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is **21) A person who is subjected to experimental or
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is **2) Undergo a change or development**. Here
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable definition for "stages" in the given sentence is **8) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable definition for "progressing" in this sentence is **3) Move forward, also in the metaphorical sense.**
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	The most suitable definition for "less" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of little**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable definition for "severe" in this context is **5) Intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable definition for "deadly" in this context is **5) Causing or capable of causing death**.
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is **4) Of or relating to or produced by or being a
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable definition of "damage" in this context is **5) The occurrence of a change for the worse.**
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	The most suitable definition for "occurring" in this sentence is:**3) Come to pass**Here's
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "student" in this context is:**1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for "began" in this context is **10) Have a beginning, in a temporal, spatial
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable definition for "tedious" in this sentence is:**1) So lacking in interest as to cause
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "often" in this context is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable definition for "searching" in this context is **2) Try to locate or discover, or try to establish
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "signs" in the context of the sentence is **9) A perceptible indication of something not immediately
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is **4) Of or relating to the science of genetics**.
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable definition for "damage" in this context is **5) The occurrence of a change for the worse.**
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "began" in the given sentence is **10) Have a beginning, in a temporal,
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "confusing" in this sentence is:**1) Lacking clarity of meaning; causing
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable definition for "variety" in this context is **3) Noticeable heterogeneity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is **4) Of or relating to the science of genetics**.
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable definition for "existing" in this sentence is **1) Have an existence, be extant**. Here
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this context is:**3) A small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this context is:**3) A small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "coherent" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged" is:
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "picture" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged" is **
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is **4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable definition for "development" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged" is:
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable definition for "emerged" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged" is
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this context is **1) Definite but not specified or identified**.
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "knocked out" in this context is **4) Eliminate**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this sentence is **3) A small vascular growth on the surface of a
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is **2) Coming next after the first in position in space or
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is **1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable definition for "deleted" in this context is **1) Cut or eliminate**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:**3) A small vascular growth on the
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable definition for "malignancy" in the given sentence is **2) (medicine) a malignant state;
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "clear" in the given sentence is **11) Readily apparent to the mind**.
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **2) Inflict damage upon**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is **19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular biologists" is:**3)
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "galvanized" in the sentence is:**1) To stimulate to action**
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular biologists" is **3) Very unusual
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "confirming" in this sentence is:**1) Serving to support or corroborate**
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this context is **4) Your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable definition for "needed" in this sentence is **1) Have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "losses" in this context is **7) Gradual decline in amount or activity**.
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable definition for "critical" in this context is **6) Urgently needed; absolutely necessary**.
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable definition for "development" in the context of the sentence is:**1) A process in which something
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "common" in this context is **1) Having no special distinction or quality; widely known or
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable definition for "yet" in the sentence is:**3) Used in negative statement to describe a situation
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	The most suitable definition for "nail" in this context is **1) Attach something somewhere by means of nails**.
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "identity" in this context is **3) The individual characteristics by which a thing or person is
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage.**Here'
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable definition for "flipped" in this context is **8) Reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The most suitable definition for "colon" in this sentence is **3) The part of the large intestine between the cecum
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	The most suitable definition for "full-blown" in this context is **2) Having or displaying all the characteristics necessary for
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable definition for "malignancy" in the given sentence is **2) (medicine) a malignant state;
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable definition for "down" in this sentence is **4) Spatially or metaphorically from a higher to
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable definition for "length" in this sentence is **3) The property of being the extent of something from beginning
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	The most suitable definition for "looking for" in this sentence is:**1) Try to locate or discover, or
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable definition for "common" in this context is **5) Commonly encountered**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable definition for "bit" in this context is **3) A small piece or quantity of something**.
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is **4) Of or relating to or produced by or being a
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable definition for "material" in this context is **3) The tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable definition for "lost" in the context of the sentence is **8) Miss from one's possessions;
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "piece" in this context is **2) A separate part of a whole**. Here
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "probably" in the sentence is:**2) Easy to believe on the basis of available
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable definition for "constitute" in this context is **4) Form or compose**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is **17) Perceive or be contemporaneous with
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the sentence is **9) Immediately past**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable definition for "dubious" in the sentence is:**1) Open to doubt or suspicion**
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable definition for "search" in the sentence is:**1) The activity of looking thoroughly in order to
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable definition for "doubts" in this sentence is:**1) The state of being unsure of something
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in this sentence is **3) Grow out of, have roots in, originate
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this context is **6) A statement or assertion of verified information about something that
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable definition for "several" in this context is **3) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable definition for "earlier" in this sentence is:**2) Earlier in time; previously**
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable definition for "experiments" in this sentence is:**1) The act of conducting a controlled test or
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable definition for "mice" in the given sentence is:**5) Any of numerous small rodents typically resembling
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable definition for "called" in this sentence is **12) Consider or regard as being**. Here
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable definition for "transform" in this context is:**3) Change or alter in form, appearance,
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	The most suitable definition for "normal" in this context is **3) Conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable definition is **2) Relating to or affected with cancer**. Here's why:* **
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "exactly" in this sentence is **3) Indicating exactness or preciseness**.
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is **3) Same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "spot" in this context is **10) A point located with respect to surface features of
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable definition for "caused" in this sentence is:**1) Cause to happen, occur or exist**
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable definition for "promoting" in this context is **4) Contribute to the progress or growth of**.
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this context is **2) (biology) the process of an individual organism growing
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable definition for "looking for" in this context is:**1) Try to locate or discover, or
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable definition for "suppressed" in this context is **2) Reduce the incidence or severity of or stop**.
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this context is **2) (biology) the process of an individual organism growing
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is **3) Examine and note the similarities or differences of**.
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "human" in this context is **3) Relating to a person**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable definition for "identical" in this context is **2) Having the same or similar characteristics**. Here
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable definition for "turned out" in this context is **4) Prove to be in the result or end**.
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the context of the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **1) A short composition for a solo instrument; intended as
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable definition for "observing" in this context is **6) Observe with care or pay close attention to**.
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable definition for "form" in this context is **12) A particular mode in which something is manifested**.
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **2) Something that is discovered**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "suddenly" in this sentence is **3) Quickly and without warning**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "puts" in this sentence is **1) Cause (someone) to undergo something**.
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable definition for "right" in this sentence is **11) Toward or on the right; also used figur
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "formation" in this context is **4) The act of forming or establishing something.**Here
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable definition for "leader" in this context is **2) A person who rules or guides or inspires others**.
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:**1) An indication that makes something evident**
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the sentence is **2) At the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "emerging" in the sentence is **4) Become known or apparent**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the sentence is **1) Connected by participation or association or use**.
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this context is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	The most suitable definition for "too" in this sentence is **2) In addition**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable definition for "breast" in this context is **6) Either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable definition for "spot" in this context is **10) A point located with respect to surface features of
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "strikes" in this context is **12) Affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:**1) One of the persons who compose a social
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this context is **1) Definite but not specified or identified.**Here
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable definition for "families" in this context is **6) People descended from a common ancestor**. Here
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is **3) Receive by genetic transmission**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given sentence is **12) A particular mode in which something is manifested
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable definition for "women" in this context is:**2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "implicated" in the sentence "The p53 gene has just been implicated in lung cancer
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the sentence is **9) Immediately past**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "week" in this sentence is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable definition for "about" in this sentence is **5) (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this sentence is **5) Get into one's hands, take physically**.
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in this sentence is:**2) Part of an organism consisting of an aggregate
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable definition for "tested" in this context is **6) Undergo a test**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable definition for "missing" in this context is **2) Be absent**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable definition for "yet" in the sentence is **3) Used in negative statement to describe a situation that has
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in this sentence is:**2) Part of an organism consisting of an aggregate
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this context is **5) Get into one's hands, take physically**.
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable definition for "brain" in the sentence is:**4) That part of the central nervous system that
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable definition for "At the same time" in the sentence is **2) Overlapping in duration**.
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is **1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**.
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "rushing" in the context of the sentence is **5) Act or move at high speed
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in the sentence is:**2) Expect and wish**Here'
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable definition for "close" in the context of the sentence is:**4) At or within a short
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the context of the sentence is **7) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this context is **1) Connected by participation or association or use**.
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "types" in this context is **2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing**.
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this context is **5) Expect, believe, or suppose**. Here
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable definition for "believes" in this context is **2) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable definition for "inherit" in this sentence is **3) Receive by genetic transmission**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this context is **4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is **2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable definition for "reported" in this context is **6) To give an account or representation of in words.**
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this context is **1) Connected by participation or association or use**.
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable definition for "common" in the sentence is:**5) Commonly encountered** Here's
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this context is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in the sentence is **2) Something that is discovered**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in the sentence "Where these discoveries will lead, scientists can only speculate" is **
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable definition for "speculate" in the given sentence is:**2) Talk over conjecturally, or
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable definition for "major" in this context is **8) Of greater importance or stature or rank**.
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable definition for "unit" in this context is **7) An individual or group or structure or other entity regarded
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable definition for "collaborating" in this context is:**1) Work together on a common enterprise of
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable definition for "hunters" in this context is **1) A person who searches for something**. Here
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable definition for "turn" in this context is **11) Undergo a transformation or a change of position
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this context is **1) A productive insight**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable definition for "new" in this context is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable definition for "slow" in the sentence is:**1) Cause to proceed more slowly**
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable definition for "reverse" in this context is:**3) Reverse the position, order, relation,
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the sentence is:**2) (biology) the process of an individual
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The most suitable definition for "based" in this context is:**1) Use as a basis for; found on
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable definition for "produced" in this context is **8) Bring forth or yield**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this sentence is:**3) The content of cognition; the main thing
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for "administer" in this sentence is **4) Give or apply (medications)**.
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **1) A person who requires medical care**. Here
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable definition for "healthy" in this context is **3) Having or indicating good health in body or mind;
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable definition for "versions" in this context is **7) All of the identical copies of something offered to the
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is **1) Harmed or injured or spoiled**. Here
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this sentence is **2) Capable of happening or existing**. Here
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "replace" in the sentence is:**3) Substitute a person or thing for (another
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable definition for "healthy" in the sentence is **3) Having or indicating good health in body or mind;
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable definition for "versions" in this context is **7) All of the identical copies of something offered to the
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable definition for "come close" in this context is **1) Nearly do something**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is **4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "witnessing" in this context is **2) Perceive or be contemporaneous with**.
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **4) The act of discovering something**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **1) Very**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable definition for "important" in this context is **2) Of great significance or value**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable definition for "steps" in this context is **5) Any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable definition for "genesis" in the sentence is **2) A coming into being**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "teach" in the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to read, write,
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "children" in the sentence is **2) A young person of either sex**. Here
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "read" in the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to read, write and
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "write" in the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to read, write and
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "reckon" in the sentence is **2) Make a mathematical calculation or computation**.
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the sentence "It's not that we do not know how to, because
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in the sentence "It's that we do not want to" is **4
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in this sentence is **4) The capacity for rational thought or inference or discrimination.**
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "want" in this context is **4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly**.
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "effective" in this context is **4) Able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively.**
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in the given sentence is:**5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instruction**
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "require" in this context is **1) Consider obligatory; request and expect**. Here
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "relinquish" in this context is **1) Turn away from; give up**.
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "metaphysical" in this context is **3) Highly abstract and overly theoretical.**Here'
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "beliefs" in this context is **2) A personal belief or judgment that is not founded
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable definition for "young" in the sentence is **2) (used of living things especially persons) in an
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable definition for "violate" in this context is **4) Act in disregard of laws, rules, contracts
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable definition for "interests" in this context is **6) Something that interests you because it is important or affects
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "beliefs" in the given sentence is **4) Any cognitive content held as true**.
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is **2) (usually followed by `that') to an extent
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "dominate" in this sentence is **3) Have dominance or the power to defeat over**.
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **1) Providing knowledge**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "establishment" in this context is **3) The persons (or committees or departments etc.) who
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in this sentence is **2) A person active in party politics**.
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "even" in this sentence is **3) In fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "parents" in this sentence is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this sentence is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "blasphemous" in this sentence is **2) Grossly irreverent toward what is held
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in this context is **1) Issue a challenge to**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here is an example" is:**1) In or
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "example" in the context of the sentence is **6) An item of information that is typical
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "ask" in this context is **4) Address a question to and expect an answer from**.
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "sample" in this context is **2) A small part of something intended as representative of the
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition is **2) Of or relating to the United States of America or its people or language or culture.**
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "parents" in this context is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "wish" in this context is **3) Feel or express a desire or hope concerning the future
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "encourage" in this context is **1) Inspire with confidence; give hope or courage to
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is **2) A young person of either sex**. Here
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable definition for "answer" in this context is:**2) A statement (either spoken or written)
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "mean" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Mean or intend to express
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "one" in the sentence "No one can say" is **1) A single person or
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "equated" in this sentence is:**1) Consider or describe as similar, equal
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "encourages" in this context is **1) Inspire with confidence; give hope or courage
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "result" in this sentence is **3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "generation" in this sentence is **4) Group of genetically related organisms constituting a single step in
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "young" in the sentence is **2) (used of living things especially persons) in an
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "incompetence" in the given sentence is **2) Lack of physical or intellectual ability or
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "matched" in this context is **6) Be equal to in quality or ability**.
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **2) And nothing more**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "good" in the context of the sentence is **16) Having desirable or positive qualities especially
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "opinion" in the given sentence is **6) A message expressing a belief or judgment that is
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "whole" in this sentence is **5) Including all components without exception; being one unit or
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The best definition for "notion" in this context is **1) An abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The best definition for "education" in this context is **5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instruction.**Here's
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "romantic" in this context is **1) Belonging to or characteristic of Romanticism or the
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition of "rebellion" in this context is **2) Refusal to accept some authority or code or
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "disciplined" in this context is **1) Trained mentally or physically by instruction or exercise.**
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "instruction" in this context is **4) The activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition for "authoritarian" in this context is **2) Expecting unquestioning obedience**. Here
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The best definition of "repression" in this context is **2) The act of repressing; control by holding down
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The best definition of "frustration" in this context is **2) The feeling that accompanies an experience of being thwarted in
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable definition for "latent" in this context is **1) Potentially existing but not presently evident or realized**.
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The best definition for "talents" in this context is **3) Natural abilities or qualities**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The most suitable definition for "yet" in this sentence is **3) Used in negative statement to describe a situation that has
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable definition for "potentialities" in this context is **1) An aptitude that may be developed**.
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable definition for "inherent" in this context is **2) Existing as an essential constituent or characteristic.**
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable definition for "souls" in this context is **4) The immaterial part of a person; the actu
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is **2) A young person of either sex**. Here
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "parents" in the sentence is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "find" in the context of the sentence is **7) Find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "romantic" in this context is **1) Belonging to or characteristic of Romanticism or the
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "so" in the sentence "It is not surprising that parents find this romantic extravagance so attractive"
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "attractive" in the sentence is:**1) Pleasing to the eye or mind especially
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **2) Closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:**1) A father or mother; one who
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "want" in this sentence is **4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly**.
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is **2) A young person of either sex**. Here
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The best definition for "get" in this context is **1) Achieve a point or goal**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "decent" in this context is **4) Socially or conventionally correct; refined or virtuous
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable definition for "know" in the sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or a
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable definition for "demands" in this context is **2) Require as useful, just, or proper.**
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "commitment" in this sentence is:**3) The trait of sincere and steadfast fixity
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "survive" in this sentence is:**2) Continue in existence after (an adversity
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "adolescent" in the sentence is **4) In the state of development between puberty and maturity
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "illiteracy" in the sentence is **1) An inability to read**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is **2) Of or relating to the United States of America or
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition of "future" in the sentence is **2) The time yet to come**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "determined" in the given sentence is **1) Decide upon or fix definitely**. Here
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "degree" in this sentence is **3) A position on a scale of intensity or amount or
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "allow" in the given sentence is:**6) Allow the presence of or allow (
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "prevail" in this context is **4) Use persuasion successfully**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "illusions" in this context is **2) Something many people believe that is false**.
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "share" in this sentence is **3) Have in common**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "establishment" in the given sentence is:**7) An organization founded and united for a
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "fight" in this context is:**1) Fight against or resist strongly**
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in the sentence is:**1) An explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the context of the sentence is:**6) Having few parts; not
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "reason" in the sentence is:**1) An explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Progressive" in the context of the sentence is **5) Favoring or promoting progress**.
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instruction**
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is **1) At a previous time;**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "called" in this context is **12) Consider or regard as being**. Here
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "far" in this sentence is **3) At or to a certain point or degree**.
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The correct answer is **2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent**.Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The best definition for "agreeable" in this context is **3) Conforming to your own liking or feelings or nature
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "disciplined" in this context is **1) Trained mentally or physically by instruction or exercise.**
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable definition for "instruction" in this context is **4) The activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The best definition of "nice" in this context is **5) Pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance.**
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "think" in this context is **7) Ponder; reflect on, or reason about**.
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "personality" in the sentence is:**2) The complex of all the attributes--behavioral
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "development" in the sentence is:**1) A process in which something passes by degrees
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in the sentence is **3) In fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "nicer" in this context is **2) Exhibiting courtesy and politeness.**Here'
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "minimize" in this sentence is **2) Cause to seem less serious; play down**.
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "tests" in this context is **7) A set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is **3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "provides" in this context is **5) Make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable definition of "profession" in this context is **2) The body of people in a learned occupation.**
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is **8) Pass over, across, or through**.
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "courses" in this context is **6) Education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings**.
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable definition of "philosophy" in this context is **2) A comprehensive view of the world and human life.**
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "took" in this sentence is **1) Receive or obtain regularly**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "courses" in the sentence is **6) Education imparted in a series of lessons or meetings**.
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "college" in that sentence is:**1) An institution of higher education created to educate
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "thinking" in the given sentence is **7) Ponder; reflect on, or reason about**.
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "fairly" in the sentence "They could all fairly be described as `` pap `` courses"
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "described" in this sentence is **2) To give an account or representation of in words**.
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "pap" in the sentence is **3) Soft food made by boiling oatmeal or other meal or
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "courses" in the sentence "They could all fairly be described as `` pap `` courses" is
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "distinct" in the sentence is:**2) (often followed by `from') not
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "educational" in the sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "establishment" in the given sentence is **3) The persons (or committees or departments etc.)
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "seriously" in this sentence is **1) To a severe or serious degree**. Here
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "committed" in this sentence is **2) Bound or obligated, as under a pledge to a
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "teaching" in the sentence is **4) The activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "best" in this sentence is **1) (superlative of `good') having the most
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "brightest" in the given sentence is **8) Having the capacity for thought and reason especially
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "generation" in this context is **5) All the people living at the same time or of
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "very" in this sentence is **1) Precisely so**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "jobs" in the sentence "But they need not be to do their jobs well" is **
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "well" in the sentence "But they need not be to do their jobs well" is **
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "remember" in the given sentence is:**1) Recall knowledge from memory; have a
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "truly" in the sentence is **4) In fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "proceeded" in the sentence is **2) Follow a certain course**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The best definition for "competent" in the context of the sentence is **4) Properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or efficient
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "sense" in the given sentence is **7) The meaning of a word or expression; the
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "teacher" in this sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "compared" in the sentence is:**1) Consider or describe as similar, equal,
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	The most suitable definition for "one" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "brilliant" in this sentence is **4) Having or marked by unusual and impressive intelligence**.
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "probably" in the sentence is:**1) With considerable certainty; without much doubt**
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "competent" in the sentence is **4) Properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or efficient.**
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "serves" in the given sentence is **14) Do duty or hold offices; serve in
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "well" in the sentence "If he is competent and conscientious, he serves us well" is
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "important" in the given sentence is **2) Of great significance or value**. Here
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "factor" in the given sentence is **8) Anything that contributes causally to a result.**
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in the sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "crisis" in the sentence is **2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty.**
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this sentence is **2) A source of difficulty**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	The most suitable definition of "equity" in the sentence is **4) The quality of being just or fair**.
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this sentence is **2) A source of difficulty**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is **5) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "educate" in the sentence is:**1) Give an education to**
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in the sentence is **2) A young person of either sex**. Here
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "better" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of `well'; in a better or more
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is **13) Come into possession of**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable definition for "year" in the sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "unions" in the given sentence is **10) An organization of employees formed to bargain
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "mind" in the given sentence is **4) Be concerned with or about something or somebody.**
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is **4) Become widely known and passed on**.
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "narrow" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Lacking tolerance or flexibility
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "purposes" in this sentence is **2) An anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in this sentence is **2) A person active in party politics**.
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given sentence is **7) Find out, learn, or determine with certainty
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "helps" in this context is **8) Give help or assistance; be of service**.
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "strike" in the given sentence is **4) Make a strategic, offensive, assault against an
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "friendly" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Inclined to help or
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "posture" in this context is:**1) Manner of acting or controlling yourself**
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "behalf" in the sentence is:**1) As the agent of or on someone
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable definition for "important" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "shred" in this sentence is **3) A tiny or scarcely detectable amount**. Here
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is:**3) (law) all the means by which
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **4) Any attribute or quality considered as having its own existence
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable definition for "equal" in this sentence is **1) Having the same quantity, value, or measure as
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "differentials" in this context is **1) A quality that differentiates between similar things.**
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "result" in this sentence is **2) Come about or follow as a consequence**.
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "differentials" in this context is **1) A quality that differentiates between similar things.**
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in the sentence is:**4) Your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "sure" in the sentence is:**1) Having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty;
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "wish" in this context is **1) Hope for; have a wish**. Here
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "serious" in this context is **4) Concerned with work or important matters rather than play or
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is **2) Of or relating to the United States of America or
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in the given sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "exactly" in this sentence is **3) Indicating exactness or preciseness.**Here
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "just" in this sentence is **5) Exactly at this moment or the moment described;**.
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable definition for "important" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "schools" in the given sentence is **11) A building where young people receive education**.
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "scattered" in the sentence is **1) Occurring or distributed over widely spaced and irregular
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "poorest" in the context of the sentence is **6) Characterized by or indicating
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **2) Closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "majority" in the given sentence is:**4) (elections) more than half of
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "schools" in the given sentence is **11) A building where young people receive education**.
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "efforts" in this context is **2) A series of actions advancing a principle or tending toward
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable definition for "reform" in this context is **1) A campaign aimed to correct abuses or malpractices.**
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for "doomed" in the context of the sentence is:**2) (usually followed by
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "really" in the sentence is **4) In fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "need" in the sentence is **2) Have or feel a need for**. Here
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "assimilate" in the given sentence is **3) Take up mentally**. Here
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "respect" in the context of the sentence is **3) The condition of being honored (es
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable definition for "mute" in the sentence is **2) Expressed without speech**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The most suitable definition for "rather" in this sentence is **3) To some (great or small) extent**.
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in the sentence is **3) Feeling or showing worry or solicitude.**Here
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "inclined" in this sentence is:**1) (often followed by `to')
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "echo" in this sentence is **3) To say again or imitate**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "conventional" in this context is **4) Following accepted customs and proprieties**. Here
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for "pap" in this context is **2) Worthless or oversimplified ideas**. Here
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "Thus" in this sentence is:**2) (used to introduce a logical conclusion)
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this sentence is **1) Of the immediate past or just previous to the present
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "governors" in this sentence is:**3) The head of a state government**
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is **4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable definition for "education" in the given sentence is:**6) The activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable definition for "announced" in this sentence is **3) Announce publicly or officially**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "needs" in this sentence is **1) Have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is **2) A young person of either sex**. Here
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "development" in the given sentence is **3) The act of making some area of land or
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "governors" in this sentence is **3) The head of a state government**.
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "seem" in this sentence is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable definition for "need" in the given sentence is **2) Anything that is necessary but lacking**.
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "extending" in the given sentence is:**9) Span an interval of distance,
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "system" in this context is **6) A group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a unified
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in the sentence is **2) Worth having or seeking or achieving.**Here
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is **2) A planned undertaking**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is **2) A planned undertaking**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "very" in the sentence is **1) Precisely so**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "early" in the sentence is:**1) At or near the beginning of a period
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "exposure" in the given sentence is **11) The act of subjecting someone to an influencing
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "schooling" in this context is **3) The process of being formally educated at a school
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "improves" in this sentence is **1) Get better**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this context is **7) The act of performing; of doing something successfully;
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "first" in the sentence is **3) Preceding all others in time or space or degree
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "grade" in the sentence is **8) A number or letter indicating quality, especially of a
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is **1) A variation that deviates from the standard or norm
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable definition for "quickly" in the sentence is **1) With little or no delay**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	The most suitable definition for "washed away" in this context is **2) Eliminate**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "sum up" in this context is:**1) Give a summary (of)**
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "know" in the context of the sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instruction**
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instruction**
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable definition for "reforms" in this context is **2) A change for the better as a result of
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "work" in the context of the sentence is **14) Have an effect or outcome;
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable definition for "work" in the context of the sentence is **14) Have an effect or outcome;
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable definition for "Parental" in this context is **2) Relating to or characteristic of or befitting a parent
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable definition for "involvement" in the context of the sentence is:**1) The act of sharing
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable definition for "bad" in the context of the sentence is **2) Having undesirable or negative qualities**.
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this context is **2) A personal view**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "Parents" in the sentence is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "too" in this sentence is **1) To a degree exceeding normal or proper limits**.
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "likely" in the sentence is:**2) Has a good chance of being the case
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "blame" in this sentence is **1) Attribute responsibility to**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "schools" in the given sentence is **11) A building where young people receive education**.
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **1) Providing knowledge**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable definition for "limitations" in the given sentence is **2) The quality of being limited or restricted**.
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "children" in the sentence is:**5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "Parents" in the sentence is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the sentence is **1) Connected by participation or association or use**.
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "children" in the sentence is:**5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable definition for "home" in the given sentence is:**1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in the context of the sentence is **8) Observe, check out, and look
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "kids" in this context is **3) A human offspring (son or daughter) of any
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for "play" in the context of the sentence is **6) Engage in recreational activities rather than work
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable definition for "children" in the sentence is:**2) A young person of either sex**
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	The most suitable definition for "spend" in this context is **2) Pass time in a specific way**. Here
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is **7) A period of time considered as a resource under
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable definition for "scrutinize" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Examine carefully for
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "parents" in the sentence is:**1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable definition for "option" in this sentence is **2) One of a number of things from which only one
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable definition for "switching" in this context is **5) Change over, change around, as to a new
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "community" in the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea" is **2) A
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "involvement" in the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea" is:**
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for "even" in the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea" is **5) To
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "worse" in the sentence is:**1) (comparative of `bad') inferior
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "idea" in the sentence is **2) A personal view**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here, the experience of New York City is decisive" is **
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "locally" in the sentence is **1) By a particular locality**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is **2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for "cities" in this sentence is:**1) A large and densely populated urban area;
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is **1) Enter or assume a certain state or condition.**
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable definition for "ambitious" in the given sentence is **2) Having a strong desire for success or achievement
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable definition for "generally" in this sentence is **3) Usually; as a rule**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "corrupt" in this context is **2) Not straight; dishonest or immoral or evasive
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable definition for "local" in the sentence is:**1) Of or belonging to or characteristic of a
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in this sentence is **1) A schemer who tries to gain advantage in
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in this sentence is **1) A schemer who tries to gain advantage in
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given sentence is **10) A particular course of action intended to achieve
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable definition for "trying" in this context is **6) Make an effort or attempt**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable definition for "system" in this context is **5) A complex of methods or rules governing behavior.**
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for "school" in this context is **11) A building where young people receive education**.
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable definition of "governance" in this sentence is **3) The act of governing; exercising authority.**Here
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in this sentence is **3) In fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable definition for "cities" in this context is:**3) People living in a large densely populated municipality
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable definition for "institute" in this context is **1) Set up or lay the groundwork for**.
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "most" in the sentence is:**1) The superlative of `much' that
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable definition for "expenditures" in this sentence is **3) Money paid out; an amount spent**.
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in the sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "circumstances" in the sentence is:**2) The set of facts or circumstances that
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "probably" in the sentence is:**1) With considerable certainty; without much doubt**
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The best definition for "make" in the given sentence is **44) Cause to do; cause to act in a
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is **5) An entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable definition for "worse" in this sentence is **1) (comparative of `bad') inferior to another
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable definition for "better" in this context is **1) (comparative and superlative of `well')
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:**1) An explanation of the cause of some
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the given sentence is **6) Having few parts; not complex or complicated or
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for "Education" in the sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "influence" in the given sentence is:**2) The effect of one thing (or
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	The most suitable definition for "money" in this sentence is **1) The most common medium of exchange; functions as legal
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "Decades" in this sentence is **1) A period of 10 years**.
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable definition for "tell" in this context is **2) Give evidence**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in this sentence is **3) In fact (used as intensifiers or sentence modifiers
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable definition for "classes" in this sentence is **2) A unit of instruction**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "effect" in this sentence is **6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is **3) Associated with academia or an academy.**Here'
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this context is **7) The act of performing; of doing something successfully;
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable definition for "pupils" in this context is **2) A learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this context is **2) Worth having or seeking or achieving.**Here
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in this context is **5) A fact that logically justifies some premise or conclusion.**
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "money" in this sentence is **1) The most common medium of exchange; functions as legal
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "flows" in this sentence is **7) Move or progress freely as if in a stream.**
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The best definition for "piling" in this context is **1) Arrange into piles or stacks**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **1) (comparative of `many' used with count
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **1) (comparative of `many' used with count
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:**1) A person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable definition of "mystery" in this sentence is **1) Something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained**.
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this sentence is:**6) A statement or assertion of verified information about
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **1) Providing knowledge**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "expenditures" in this sentence is **3) Money paid out; an amount spent**.
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "real" in this context is **6) Of, relating to, or representing an amount that
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this sentence is **2) Become bigger or greater in amount**. Here
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable definition for "sharply" in this context is **3) Very suddenly and to a great degree**.
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "past" in this sentence is **2) Earlier than the present time; no longer current.**
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable definition for "now" in the sentence is **2) At the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable definition for "spend" in this sentence is **3) Pay out**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable definition for "pupil" in this context is **1) A young person attending school (up through senior high
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is **4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **1) Providing knowledge**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this context is **7) The act of performing; of doing something successfully;
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable definition for "declined" in this context is **6) Go down**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence "That is the way the system works" is **3) How
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "Students" in the sentence is:**1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	The most suitable definition for "educational" in the sentence is **2) Relating to the process of education**. Here
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable definition for "academic" in the sentence is **3) Associated with academia or an academy.**Here'
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "potential" in the sentence is:**1) The inherent capacity for coming into being**
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable definition for "allows" in the given sentence is **8) Make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "student" in this sentence is:**1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "permitted" in this sentence is **2) Consent to, give permission**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "graduated" in this sentence is **2) Receive an academic degree upon completion of one'
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "mastered" in this sentence is **1) Be or become completely proficient or skilled in**.
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "prevailed" in this sentence is **1) Continue to exist**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The best definition for "means" in this sentence is **4) Destine or designate for a certain purpose**.
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "main" in this sentence is **3) Most important element**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The best definition of "purpose" in this sentence is **2) An anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your planned
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "permit" in this sentence is:**1) Make it possible through a specific action or
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "flourish" in this context is **2) Grow vigorously**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable definition for "clearly" in this sentence is **3) Without doubt or question**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this context is **2) Worth having or seeking or achieving.**Here
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable definition for "less" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of little**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The best definition for "get" in this context is **8) Come into the possession of something concrete or abstract**.
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in this context is **4) Absolutely essential**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is **9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The best definition for "entering" in this context is **3) To come or go into**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable definition for "world" in this sentence is **6) Everything that exists anywhere**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The best definition for "work" in the context of the sentence is:**2) The occupation for which you are
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable definition for "notion" in the sentence is:**1) An abstract or general idea inferred or
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable definition for "purpose" in this sentence is **2) An anticipated outcome that is intended or that guides your
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable definition for "education" in the given sentence is:**1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledge**
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable definition for "encourage" in this sentence is **1) Inspire with confidence; give hope or courage to
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable definition for "young" in the sentence is **2) (used of living things especially persons) in an
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable definition for "men" in the given sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable definition for "women" in the given sentence is:**2) An adult female person (as opposed
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable definition for "realize" in the given sentence is **3) Make real or concrete; give reality or
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable definition for "full" in this context is **4) Complete in extent or degree and in every particular.**
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is **3) Associated with academia or an academy.**Here'
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable definition for "potential" in this sentence is **1) The inherent capacity for coming into being.**Here
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "actually" in the sentence is **3) In actual fact**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable definition for "believes" in the given sentence is:**2) Expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable definition for "equal" in this sentence is **1) Having the same quantity, value, or measure as
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is **3) Associated with academia or an academy.**Here'
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable definition for "potential" in the sentence is **1) The inherent capacity for coming into being.**Here
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "generally" in this sentence is **3) Usually; as a rule**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this sentence is **2) Worth having or seeking or achieving**.
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable definition for "rather" in this sentence is **2) More readily or willingly.**Here's why
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable definition for "newer" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable definition for "often" in the sentence is **2) In many cases or instances.**Here's
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable definition for "dubious" in this sentence is **1) Open to doubt or suspicion**. Here
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "psychological" in the sentence is:**1) Of or relating to psychology**
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for "rather" in this sentence is **3) To some (great or small) extent**.
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is **1) Providing knowledge**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable definition of "experience" in this sentence is **3) The accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in this context is **1) An explanation of the cause of some phenomenon.**
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is **2) Of or relating to the United States of America or
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:**3) Someone (especially a child) who learns
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is **4) (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is **2) Be comparable**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:**3) Someone (especially a child) who learns
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable definition for "influence" in this context is **2) The effect of one thing (or person) on
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is **2) Of or relating to the United States of America or
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "wants" in this context is **4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly**.
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable definition for "appreciate" in this context is **2) Be fully aware of; realize fully**.
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	The most suitable definition for "just" in this sentence is **5) Exactly at this moment or the moment described;**.
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable definition for "situation" in this sentence is **6) A condition or position in which you find yourself.**
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is **1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.**
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable definition for "add" in this context is **1) Make an addition (to); join or combine or
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	The most suitable definition for "subtract" in this context is **2) Take off or away**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable definition for "learning" in this context is **4) Gain knowledge or skills**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	The most suitable definition of "basis" in this context is **3) The fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The best definition for "mathematical" in this context is **1) Of or pertaining to or of the nature of mathematics**.
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable definition for "read" in this context is **3) Interpret something that is written or printed**.
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable definition for "article" in this context is **2) Nonfictional prose forming an independent part of a
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is **1) Of the immediate past or just previous to the present
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable definition for "major" in this context is **6) A university student who is studying a particular field as
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "Most" in this sentence is **1) Very**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable definition for "important" in this sentence is **2) Of great significance or value**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable definition for "schools" in the given sentence is **11) A building where young people receive education**.
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for "principals" in the given sentence is **7) The educator who has executive authority for a
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "large" in this context is **2) Above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable definition for "measure" in the given sentence is **3) A basis for comparison; a reference point against
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable definition for "authority" in the given sentence is:**1) The power or right to give orders
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable definition for "faculty" in this sentence is:**2) The body of teachers and administrators at a
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable definition for "matters" in this sentence is **6) Some situation or event that is thought about**.
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	The most suitable definition for "student" in the given sentence is:**1) A learner who is enrolled in an
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "Study" in the given sentence is:**1) A written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **1) Very**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable definition for "tells" in this context is **2) Give evidence**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable definition for "best" in this sentence is **1) (superlative of `good') having the most
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this context is **11) A building where young people receive education**.
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "outside" in this sentence is **3) Relating to or being on or near the outer side
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "interference" in this context is **5) The act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.**
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable definition for "governed" in this sentence is **2) Direct or strongly influence the behavior of**.
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The best definition for "powerful" in this context is **2) Having great power or force or potency or effect**.
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence is **4) A person who rules or guides or inspires others
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable definition for "authority" in the sentence is:**1) The power or right to give orders or
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "goes" in this sentence is **2) Be present or associated with an event or entity.**
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable definition for "unambiguous" in the sentence is:**1) Admitting of no doubt or misunder
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable definition for "Schools" in the sentence is **11) A building where young people receive education**.
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is **15) A way of doing something, especially a systematic
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable definition for "produce" in this context is **8) Bring forth or yield**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable definition for "students" in this sentence is:**1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable definition for "higher" in this sentence is **7) Greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount**.
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable definition for "morale" in that sentence is:**1) A state of individual psychological well-
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable definition for "superior" in this context is **2) Of high or superior quality or performance**.
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is **3) Associated with academia or an academy.**Here'
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this context is **7) The act of performing; of doing something successfully;
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable definition for "fact" in the sentence is:**6) A statement or assertion of verified information about
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "ruffled" in the context of the sentence is **3) Trouble or vex**.
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "fact" in the sentence is:**6) A statement or assertion of verified information about
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "one" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "so" in the given sentence is **3) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable definition for "publishes" in this context is **2) Have (one's written work) issued
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence "That's what the man had said" is **11
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "bleary" in the sentence is:**1) Indistinct or hazy in outline
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "had" in the sentence "He had no ready answer" is **7) Have or possess
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "ready" in the sentence is **1) Completely prepared or in condition for immediate action or use
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:**2) A statement (either spoken or written
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "surprise" in the sentence is **4) The astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens to
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "fit" in the sentence is **2) A sudden uncontrollable attack**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence "Was the man drunk or crazy or both?" is:**
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "drunk" in the sentence "Was the man drunk or crazy or both?" is:**
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "crazy" in the context of the sentence is **2) Affected with madness or insanity**.
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "matched" in this context is **6) Be equal to in quality or ability**.
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is **5) A single serving of a beverage.**Here'
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is **5) A single serving of a beverage.**Here'
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "lost" in the context of the sentence is **8) Miss from one's possessions;
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "count" in this context is **1) The total number counted**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence is **7) An adult male person who has a manly character (
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this context is **2) An informal term for a youth or man**.
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the given sentence is **7) Ponder; reflect on, or reason about**.
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "Eyes" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The best definition for "bright" in this context is **9) Emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts**.
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "strange" in the context of the sentence is:**4) Beyond or deviating from
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "intensity" in this context is **4) High level or degree; the property of being intense
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "cold" in the context of the sentence is **8) Lacking the warmth of life**.
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The best definition for "fire" in this context is **2) Feelings of great warmth and intensity**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "burning" in this context is **4) Burn with heat, fire, or radiation**.
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in the sentence "Why hadn't he noticed it before?" is **4
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence "No, the man was not drunk" is **11)
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "drunk" in the sentence "No, the man was not drunk" is:**1
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "wondered" in the sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger" is
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The best definition for "got" in the sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger" is **1
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the sentence is:**1) An individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "remembered" in the sentence "But, of course, he remembered now" is:
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "hours" in this sentence is **1) Clock time**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "steady" in the sentence is **1) Not liable to fluctuate or especially to fall**.
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "drinking" in this context is **2) The act of consuming liquids.**Here's
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "occasion" in this sentence is **6) An event that occurs at a critical time.**
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is **1) An individual that one is not acquainted with.**
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence is:**2) (nautical) a toilet on
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this context is:**2) The process of using your mind to consider
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "started" in this context is **11) Get going or set in motion**.
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "cross" in this context is:**1) Travel across or pass over**
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "street" in this context is:**1) The part of a thoroughfare between the
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "light" in this sentence is **2) The quality of being luminous; emitting or reflecting light
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "roared" in this context is **6) Make a loud noise, as of wind,
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable definition for "intersection" in this context is **5) A junction where one street or road crosses another.**
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "Brakes" in this sentence is:**3) A restraint used to slow or stop
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "howled" in this sentence is **1) Emit long loud cries**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "horn" in the sentence is:**5) A device on an automobile for making a
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The best definition for "blared" in this context is **1) Make a loud noise**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this context is **15) Reach a point in time, or a certain
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "called out" in this context is **2) Utter aloud; often with surprise, horror
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "second" in the sentence is **3) Following the first in an ordering or series**.
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "done" in the sentence is **11) Carry out or perform an action**.
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "cared" in the sentence is **1) Feel concern or interest**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this sentence is **2) An informal term for a youth or man**.
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the sentence "As a matter of fact, he wouldn't have cared
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "regretted" in the sentence is:**1) Feel remorse for; feel sorry
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "opened" in this context is **1) Start to operate or function or cause to start operating
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "mouth" in the sentence is:**7) The opening through which food is taken in
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "truck" in this context is **3) An automotive vehicle suitable for hauling.**Here'
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "stop" in the given sentence is:**1) A spot where something halts or
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "angry" in the sentence is **3) Feeling or showing anger.**Here's why
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "driver" in this context is **5) The operator of a motor vehicle**. Here
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "jumped" in the given sentence is **2) Move or jump suddenly, as if in
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "cab" in this context is **2) A compartment at the front of a motor vehicle or
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "walked" in the sentence is **9) Use one's feet to advance; advance
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is **1) An individual that one is not acquainted with.**
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "arm" in this context is:**1) A human limb; technically the part of
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "shoulders" in the sentence is:**4) The part of the body between the
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "old" in this context is **5) (used especially of persons) having lived for a
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "friend" in this context is:**1) A person you know well and regard with
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "driver" in the sentence is: **5) The operator of a motor vehicle**.
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "started" in this context is **11) Get going or set in motion**.
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "curse" in this context is:**1) Wish harm upon; invoke evil upon**
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "plot" in this context is **1) A secret scheme to do something (especially something under
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "ruin" in this context is **3) Destroy completely; damage irreparably.**
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "record" in this context is **4) Anything (such as a document or a phonograph
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "saved" in the sentence is **5) Save from ruin, destruction, or harm.**
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:**2) Turn sharply; change direction abruptly**
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "looked" in this context is **4) Perceive with attention; direct one's gaze
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "face" in this context is:**10) The front of the human head from
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "word" in the sentence is **3) A brief statement**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "driver" in the sentence is: **5) The operator of a motor vehicle**.
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:**1) Come to a halt, stop moving
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "swearing" in the sentence is **7) Utter obscenities or profanities**.
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:**2) Turn sharply; change direction abruptly**
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "heel" in the sentence is **4) The bottom of a shoe or boot; the back
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the sentence is **1) A large truck designed to carry heavy loads; usually
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "recalled" in this context is **3) Call to mind**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "wondered" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Reflect deeply on a
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence is **13) See or watch**.
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The best definition for "make" in this context is **34) Cause to be enjoyable or pleasurable**. Here
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "sort" in this sentence is **4) An operation that segregates items into groups according to
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "look" in this sentence is **2) Outward or visible aspect of a person or thing
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "bluff" in the sentence is **4) Pretense that your position is stronger than it
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The best definition for "saying" in this context is **3) Communicate or express nonverbally**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "word" in the sentence is **3) A brief statement**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "light" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across the street
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across the street
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "went on" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across the
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "street" in the sentence is:**1) The part of a thoroughfare between the
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is **1) An individual that one is not acquainted with.**
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "found out" in this context is:**1) Find out, learn, or determine
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in this context is **1) Preferred above all others and treated with partiality.**
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "bars" in this context is **8) A room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are served over
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "insisted" in this context is **1) Beg persistently and urgently**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "offering" in this context is **8) Make available or accessible, provide or furnish**.
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "buy" in this context is **2) Obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this context is **4) Any liquid suitable for drinking**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "went" in the given sentence is **18) Begin or set in motion**.
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "kept to himself" in the given sentence is **1) Shun the company of others**.
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:**2) Be seated** Here'
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the given sentence is **9) A place off to the side of an area
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "passing" in the given sentence is **15) Pass time in a specific way**.
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence is **7) A period of time considered as a resource under your
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for "nursing" in this context is **2) Give suck to**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in this context is **1) Preferred above all others and treated with partiality.**
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "decided" in the sentence is:**1) Reach, make, or come to a
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "mind" in the sentence is **7) Keep in mind**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in the given sentence is **7) A social or business visitor**. Here
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "free" in the sentence is **8) Costing nothing**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this context is **4) Any liquid suitable for drinking**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "made" in the sentence "He made good money at his job" is **27)
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "good" in this context is **16) Having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "job" in the given sentence is **4) The principal activity in your life that you do
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "wondered" in the sentence is:**2) Reflect deeply on a subject**
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "having" in the sentence "Now he wondered if it was worth it, having a screwball
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "screwball" in the sentence is **1) A whimsically eccentric person**. Here
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The best definition for "take" in this context is **24) Accept or undergo, often unwillingly**.
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "offer" in the sentence is **3) Something offered (as a proposal or bid)**.
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "feel" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Undergo an emotional sensation
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "uneasy" in the sentence is **2) Causing or fraught with anxiety**.
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The best definition for "got" in this context is **1) Achieve a point or goal**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "realized" in this context is **5) Be fully aware or cognizant of**.
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "gave" in this context is **9) Bring about**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in this context is **4) Stay in one place and anticipate or expect something**.
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for "answer" in this context is **2) A statement (either spoken or written) that is
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	The most suitable definition for "seem" in this context is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable definition for "wink" in this context is **3) Briefly shut the eyes**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for "continued" in this context is **8) Continue a certain state, condition, or activity.**
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable definition for "stare" in this context is **1) Fixate one's eyes**. Here
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "weak" in the context of the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "laugh" in the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:**4)
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the sentence "Guess I can't think of anyone, Pete" is **
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "Thanks" in the sentence "Thanks anyhow" is:**1) An acknowledgment of appreciation
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "faint" in the context of the sentence is **5) Deficient in magnitude; barely
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "crease" in this context is **4) A slight depression in the smoothness of a surface
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "appeared" in the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows" is:
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows" is:
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is **5) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "taking" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil"
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "meant" in the sentence "I meant it" is:**2) Mean or intend
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "has" in the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" is **7) Have
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the sentence "I might have got hit by that truck if it wasn't
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the sentence is **3) An automotive vehicle suitable for hauling.**Here'
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "returning" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:**3) Give
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "favors" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is **5) An act
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "do" in the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like" is **1
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "like" in the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like" is **4
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "cost" in the sentence "It won't cost you a cent" is **2)
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "try" in the context of the sentence "Go ahead and try me ``!! " is
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "rubbed" in the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead wearily" is **3) Move
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "forehead" in the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead wearily" is:**2
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "feel" in the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is:**2)
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "woolly" in the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is **1) Covered
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this context is **2) An informal term for a youth or man**.
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The best definition for "make" in the sentence "Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "exit" in the sentence is **1) An opening that permits escape or release.**Here
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "expect" in the sentence "He really didn't expect anything to come of it,
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "come" in the sentence "He really didn't expect anything to come of it"
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "people" in the sentence "He really didn't expect anything to come of it,
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "conceded" in the sentence is:**3) Be willing to concede**Here
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "know" in the sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or a
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "keeps" in the given sentence is **9) Continue a certain state, condition, or activity
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "riding" in the given sentence is **8) Sit and travel on the back of animal,
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "like" in the sentence is **1) Find enjoyable or agreeable**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "listen" in the sentence is **3) Hear with intention.**Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "radio" in that sentence is **1) Medium for communication**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "sing" in this context is **1) Produce tones with the voice**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "bath" in the sentence is:**2) A relatively large open container that you fill
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "says" in the sentence "He says the neighbors complain, but I don't believe it
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "neighbors" in the sentence is:**1) A person who lives (or is located
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "complain" in the sentence is **2) Express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness.**
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable definition for "believe" in the sentence "He says the neighbors complain, but I don't believe it
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "tell" in the sentence "Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers them
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "bothers" in the context of the sentence is **3) Cause annoyance in; disturb,
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:**1
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "closed" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is **13)
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is **5) The
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "nodded" in the sentence is:**2) Lower and raise the head, as
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "looked" in the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed almost contented" is:
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "seemed" in the sentence is:**4) Give a certain impression or have a certain
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "Fine" in the context of the sentence "Fine" is **2) An expression of agreement
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "Give" in the sentence "Give me your address" is **11) Give or convey
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "address" in the sentence "Give me your address" is:**6) A sign
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "take" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is **12) Require
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is **7) A period
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in the sentence "I want to study your landlord's habits and movements first"
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is **3) Consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable definition for "habits" in the given sentence is **7) Accepted or habitual practice**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable definition for "movements" in the given sentence is:**10) The act of changing location from
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in the sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident" is
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The best definition for "make" in the sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident" is **
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "suicide" in that sentence is **3) The act of killing yourself**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "looks" in the sentence "Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable" is **4) Per
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable definition for "trouble" in the sentence "In that way there's no trouble for the customer" is
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "flew" in the sentence "Haney's eyebrows flew up" is **11
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:**1) Change one
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "said" in the sentence "It's my line of work," is **6) U
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this context is **1) A unit of time equal to 60 seconds
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is **14) Engage in**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is **1) An individual that one is not acquainted with.**
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable definition for "stood up" in this context is **6) Rise to one's feet**.
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable definition for "nodded" in this context is:**2) Lower and raise the head, as
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable definition for "farewell" in this context is **2) An acknowledgment or expression of goodwill at parting.**
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "watched" in this context is **4) See or watch**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "small" in the sentence is **8) Slight or limited; especially in degree or intensity or
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "wiry" in this context is **3) Lean and sinewy**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "slip" in this context is **3) Pass on stealthily**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for "door" in this context is:**1) A swinging or sliding barrier that will close
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this context is **6) Be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable definition for "see" in this context is **13) See or watch**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable definition for "seemed" in this sentence is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable definition for "notice" in this context is **4) Notice or perceive**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable definition for "departure" in this context is **2) The act of departing**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "decided" in this sentence is:**1) Reach, make, or come to a
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "stay" in this context is **1) Continue in a place, position, or situation.**
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence is **1) An instance or single occasion for some event**.
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the sentence is **4) Come to pass**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "seemed" in this sentence is **1) Appear to exist**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable definition for "strange" in the sentence is:**1) Being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable definition for "little" in this sentence is **3) (quantifier used with mass nouns) small in
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is **3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "glass" in the sentence is:**4) Polished surface that forms images by reflecting light
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable definition for "table" in the sentence is:**7) A piece of furniture with a smooth flat
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "returned" in the sentence is **8) Go or come back to place, condition, or
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable definition for "putting" in this context is **6) Put into a certain place or abstract location**.
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable definition for "whole" in this sentence is **5) Including all components without exception; being one unit or
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable definition for "incident" in this sentence is **1) A single distinct event**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable definition for "mind" in this context is **1) Recall or remembrance**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable definition for "next" in the sentence is **2) Immediately following in time or order**. Here
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable definition for "day" in the sentence is:**1) Time for Earth to make a complete rotation
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	The most suitable definition for "hangover" in the sentence is:**3) Disagreeable aftereffects from the
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable definition for "reminded" in this context is **2) Put in the mind of someone**.
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable definition for "night" in the sentence is:**1) The time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "hangover" in the sentence is **3) Disagreeable aftereffects from the use of
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable definition for "reminded" in this context is **2) Put in the mind of someone**.
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "went" in this context is **18) Begin or set in motion**. Here
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "day" in the given sentence is:**6) The time after sunrise and before sunset
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:**8) Pass by** Here'
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable definition for "alive" in this context is **2) Having life or vigor or spirit**. Here
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in this context is:**1) Someone who pays rent to use land
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this context is **4) An onerous or difficult concern**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is **3) A living person**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "ignored" in the sentence "Phil shrugged and ignored him" is:**3) Give
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "alive" in the sentence "By Wednesday the landlord was still alive" is **3) Poss
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable definition for "mailed" in this sentence is **2) Send via the postal service**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable definition for "check" in this context is **5) A written order directing a bank to pay money**.
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "maintenance" in the given sentence is **3) Means of maintenance of a family or group.**
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable definition for "wished" in the sentence is:**3) Feel or express a desire or hope
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is **1) An individual that one is not acquainted with.**
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable definition for "do" in the sentence is **11) Carry out or perform an action**.
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "Coming" in the sentence "Coming home from work, he was startled to see a police car
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable definition for "home" in the given sentence is:**5) Housing that someone is living in**
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable definition for "work" in the sentence is:**2) The occupation for which you are paid**
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is **13) See or watch**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "lobby" in the sentence is:**1) A large entrance or reception room or area
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly" is
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "standing" in the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly" is
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable definition for "talking" in the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly" is
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable definition for "spine" in the given sentence is:**3) The series of vertebrae forming the axis
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "crawled" in this context is **2) Move slowly; in the case of people or
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable definition for "premonition" in this sentence is **1) An early warning about a future event**.
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in this context is **4) Address a question to and expect an answer from**.
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable definition for "fellow" in this context is **7) A friend who is frequently in the company of another
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in the given sentence is:**1) Someone who pays rent to use
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable definition for "happened" in this context is **4) Come to pass**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable definition for "died" in the sentence "The landlord had died" is:**2) Pass from
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable definition for "afternoon" in that sentence is:**1) The part of the day between noon and
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "seemed" in this sentence is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "fallen" in the given sentence is **4) Descend in free fall under the influence of
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable definition for "roof" in this sentence is:**3) A protective covering that covers or forms the
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "obscure" in the context of the sentence is **2) Not clearly understood or expressed.**
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable definition for "witnessed" in this sentence is **2) Perceive or be contemporaneous with**.
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "fall" in this sentence is **3) A sudden drop from an upright position.**
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this sentence is **3) The striking of one body against another**.
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable definition for "body" in the sentence is **13) An individual 3-dimensional object that has
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "smashed" in this context is **8) Break suddenly into pieces, as from a violent
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "pavement" in this context is **2) The paved surface of a paved roadway**.
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for "basement" in this sentence is **1) The lowermost portion of a structure partly or wholly
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable definition for "delivery" in this context is **7) The act of delivering a child**. Here
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "entrance" in this sentence is:**1) Something that provides access (to get in
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this context is **4) Notice or perceive**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this context is **6) Be conscious of a physical, mental, or emotional
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable definition for "blood" in the sentence is:**5) The fluid (red in vertebrates) that
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for "drain" in this sentence is **2) Flow off gradually**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The most suitable definition for "cheeks" in this sentence is:**3) Either side of the face below the
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable definition for "muttered" in the sentence is:**1) Talk indistinctly; usually in a
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "terrible" in the sentence is:**1) Causing fear or dread or terror**
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "walked" in the sentence is **9) Use one's feet to advance; advance
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable definition for "deliberate" in the sentence is:**1) Characterized by conscious design or
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable definition for "slowness" in the sentence is:**1) A rate demonstrating an absence of haste
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	The most suitable definition for "elevator" in the sentence is:**2) Lifting device consisting of a platform or cage
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable definition for "poured" in this context is **1) Pour out**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is **4) Any liquid suitable for drinking**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable definition for "hands" in the sentence is **5) The (prehensile) extremity of the superior limb
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable definition for "flopped" in the sentence is **1) Fall loosely**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable definition for "chair" in the sentence is:**1) A seat for one person, with a
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "feel" in the given sentence is:**2) Undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "bothered" in the sentence is **3) Cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for "ask" in the sentence is **4) Address a question to and expect an answer from**.
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "questions" in this context is **2) A sentence of inquiry that asks for a reply**.
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable definition for "coincidence" in the given sentence is:**1) An event that might have been
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the sentence "The stranger really had nothing to do with it, of course"
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable definition for "happy" in the sentence is:**1) Enjoying or showing or marked by joy
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable definition for "lousy" in the sentence is **1) Very bad**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "had" in the sentence is **7) Have or possess, either in a concrete or an
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable definition for "family" in the sentence is **3) Primary social group; parents and children**.
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in the sentence is:**6) Undergo or suffer**
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in the sentence "Really, he said to himself, nobody kills a man just as
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for "kills" in the sentence is:**1) Cause to die; put to death,
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The most suitable definition for "favor" in this context is **4) An advantage to the benefit of someone or something.**
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the given sentence is **5) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "mean" in the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what I said"
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable definition for "said" in the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what I said"
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is **1) An individual that one is not acquainted with.**
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "large" in this context is **2) Above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable definition for "sad" in this context is **1) Experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness.**Here
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "hurt" in this context is **4) Hurt the feelings of**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable definition for "dream" in the sentence is **4) A series of mental images and emotions occurring during sleep
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable definition for "dream" in the sentence is **4) A series of mental images and emotions occurring during sleep
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable definition for "beginning" in the sentence is:**10) Have a beginning, in a temporal
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable definition for "overtones" in this context is **3) (usually plural) an ulterior implicit meaning or
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable definition for "nightmare" in the sentence is:**1) A terrifying or deeply upsetting dream**
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable definition for "knew" in the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not a dream" is:
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable definition for "dream" in the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not a dream" is **
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable definition for "tight" in the sentence "He might be very tight, but he knew where he was"
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable definition for "knew" in the sentence "He might be very tight, but he knew where he was"
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is:**3) Same in identity**Here's
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable definition for "bar" in this sentence is **8) A room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are served over
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable definition for "weeks" in this sentence is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable definition for "night" in the sentence is:**1) The time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable definition for "had" in the sentence is **7) Have or possess, either in a concrete or an
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable definition for "excuse" in this context is **1) A defense of some offensive behavior or some failure to
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is **5) Consume alcohol**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable definition for "usual" in this context is **1) Occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in the sentence is:**2) Be seated** Here's
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable definition for "usual" in this sentence is **1) Occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the sentence is **9) A place off to the side of an area**.
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable definition for "little" in this sentence is **2) (informal) small and of little importance**.
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable definition for "table" in the sentence is:**7) A piece of furniture with a smooth flat
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable definition for "talkative" in this context is **1) Full of trivial conversation**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable definition for "friendly" in this context is **1) Inclined to help or support; not antagonistic or
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable definition for "enjoying" in this sentence is:**3) Derive or receive pleasure from;
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable definition for "ritual" in this sentence is **2) Any customary observance or practice.**Here's
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable definition for "washing down" in this context is **1) Eat food accompanied by lots of liquid; also
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable definition for "pet" in this context is **2) A domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement.**
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable definition for "grievance" in the sentence is **3) A complaint about a (real or imaginary)
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable definition for "bourbon" in the sentence is:**3) Whiskey distilled from a mash of corn
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for "water" in the sentence is **4) A liquid necessary for the life of most animals and
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in the sentence "This favorite grievance was not the landlord" is:**1
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable definition for "grievance" in the sentence "This favorite grievance was not the landlord" is:**
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable definition for "forgotten" in the sentence "He had already quite forgotten about him" is **4) Dismiss
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable definition for "mentioned" in this context is **3) Make mention of**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable definition for "real" in the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly" is **7) Being or
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable definition for "grievance" in the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly" is:**3
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is **2) A final part or section**. Here
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The best definition for "making" in this context is **14) Engage in**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable definition for "wet" in this context is **5) Covered or soaked with a liquid such as water**.
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable definition for "rings" in this context is **2) A rigid circular band of metal or wood or other
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable definition for "bottom" in the sentence is **4) The lowest part of anything**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable definition for "glass" in the sentence is:**4) Polished surface that forms images by reflecting light
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable definition for "became" in this sentence is **1) Enter or assume a certain state or condition.**
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable definition for "aware" in the sentence is:**1) (sometimes followed by `of') having
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable definition for "looked" in this context is **4) Perceive with attention; direct one's gaze
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is **1) An individual that one is not acquainted with.**
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:**2) Be seated** Here'
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable definition for "table" in the sentence is:**7) A piece of furniture having a smooth flat
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable definition for "smiling" in this context is **2) Express with a smile.**Here's why
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable definition for "secret" in the context of the sentence is:**4) Not open or public;
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in the sentence is **4) Notice or perceive**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable definition for "name" in this context is **6) A language unit by which a person or thing is
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable definition for "seen" in the given sentence is **13) See or watch**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable definition for "sit down" in that sentence is **3) Take a seat**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence is **7) An adult male person who has a manly character (
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable definition for "uncanny" in the sentence is **1) Surpassing the ordinary or normal**.
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The best definition for "shadow" in the sentence is **3) Relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by an opaque
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The best definition for "made" in the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a shadow, and made as much noise
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The best definition for "noise" in this context is **3) Sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or dissonant
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The best definition for "shadow" in the sentence is **3) Relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by an opaque
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable definition for "shrinking" in this context is **3) Reduce in size; reduce physically**.
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable definition for "trapped" in this context is **1) Place in a confining or embarrassing position.**
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "corner" in this context is **2) A projecting part where two sides or edges meet.**
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable definition for "wiry" in this context is **2) Of hair that resembles wire in stiffness.**
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable definition for "little" in this context is **1) (of children and animals) young, immature**.
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable definition for "man" in this context is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable definition for "began" in the sentence is:**10) Have a beginning, in a temporal
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable definition for "wish" in the sentence is:**3) Feel or express a desire or hope concerning
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable definition for "shouted" in the given sentence is:**1) Utter in a loud voice
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the sentence is:**1) The latter part of the day (the
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the sentence is **1) A large truck designed to carry heavy loads; usually
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable definition for "bore down" in the given sentence is **6) Exert a force or cause a strain
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable definition for "crossing" in the sentence is:**3) A path (often marked) where something
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable definition for "saddled" in the sentence is **2) Load or burden; encumber**.
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable definition for "creep" in the sentence is **3) A slow longitudinal movement or deformation**. Here
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable definition for "start" in the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other places
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable definition for "going" in the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other places
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other places
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable definition for "places" in the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other places
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable definition for "low" in this sentence is **5) Less than normal in degree or intensity or amount**.
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable definition for "voice" in this context is:**6) The sound made by the vibration of vocal
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in this sentence is **4) Address a question to and expect an answer from**.
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	The most suitable definition for "happy" in this context is **1) Enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is **3) How something is done or how it happens**.
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The best definition for "made" in this context is **11) Behave in a certain way**. Here
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable definition for "mistake" in this context is:**1) A wrong action attributable to bad judgment
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable definition for "answering" in this context is **2) Show a response or a reaction to something.**
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence is **15) A way of doing something, especially a systematic
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable definition for "realized" in this context is **5) Be fully aware or cognizant of**.
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable definition for "skepticism" in the sentence is:**1) Doubt about the truth of something
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this context is **7) Make visible or noticeable**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable definition for "face" in this context is **10) The front of the human head from the forehead
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable definition for "voice" in the context of the sentence is:**6) The sound made by the
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable definition for "became" in the sentence "Pete frowned slightly, then became sad and moody" is **2
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	The most suitable definition for "sad" in the sentence is:**1) Experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness**
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable definition for "moody" in the context of the sentence is:**3) Subject to sharply varying
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in the sentence is **4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly**.
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable definition for "encourage" in this context is **1) Inspire with confidence; give hope or courage to
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in this context is **7) A social or business visitor**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Undergo an emotional sensation
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable definition for "buy" in this context is **2) Obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is **4) Any liquid suitable for drinking**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this sentence is:**1) Keep from happening or arising; make impossible
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	The most suitable definition for "possible" in the sentence is **2) Capable of happening or existing**. Here
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable definition of "trouble" in this context is **1) A source of difficulty**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable definition for "trouble" in the sentence "But there was no trouble" is **1) A source of
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this sentence is **2) An informal term for a youth or man**.
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is **4) Any liquid suitable for drinking**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable definition for "upset" in the sentence is **4) Cause to lose one's composure**.
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable definition for "appreciation" in this context is **2) An expression of gratitude**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The best definition for "break" in this context is **7) Come to an end**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	The most suitable definition for "uncomfortable" in the sentence is **1) Conducive to or feeling mental discomfort.**
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable definition for "silence" in the sentence is:**2) The state of being silent (as when
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable definition for "began" in the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk" is
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable definition for "talk" in the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk" is
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this context is **5) A single serving of a beverage.**Here'
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable definition for "complaining" in this context is **2) Express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable definition for "subject" in this context is **4) (grammar) one of the two main constituents of
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this context is **6) An indefinitely short time**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this context is **4) Notice or perceive**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable definition for "interest" in the context of the sentence is:**8) A sense of concern with
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this context is **7) Make visible or noticeable**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable definition for "alert" in this context is **4) Knowing and perceiving; having awareness of surroundings and sensations
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable definition for "face" in this context is **10) The front of the human head from the forehead
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable definition for "bright" in this context is **9) Emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this context is **5) The organ of sight**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable definition for "paused" in the sentence is:**1) Cease an action temporarily**
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable definition for "moisten" in the sentence is **1) Make moist**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable definition for "throat" in the sentence is:**1) The passage to the stomach and lungs;
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:**1) An individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable definition for "broke in" in the given sentence is **2) Intrude on uninvited**.
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable definition for "pay" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is **4) Give money,
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable definition for "bills" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is **9) An itemized
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable definition for "men" in the given sentence is **12) The generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is **7) Speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable definition for "divorce" in that sentence is **2) Get a divorce; formally terminate a marriage.**
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable definition for "bitch" in this context is **1) A person (usually but not necessarily a woman)
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	The most suitable definition for "love" in this context is **1) Have a great affection or liking for**.
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable definition for "get" in the sentence "Then she 'd get half of everything I have" is **
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable definition for "half" in the sentence is:**1) One of two equal parts of a divisible
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable definition for "have" in the sentence "Then she 'd get half of everything I have" is **
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable definition for "deal" in the context of the sentence "Community property deal -- you know" is **3
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "business" in the sentence "I'd have to sell out my business to pay her off
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable definition for "share" in the sentence "I'd have to sell out my business to pay her off
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable definition for "nodded" in the sentence "Pete nodded understandingly" is:**2) Lower
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in the sentence "Now I see" is **6) Make sense of; assign
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable definition for "understand" in the sentence "You must understand, I haven't been in this state
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable definition for "state" in the sentence "You must understand, I haven't been in this state
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable definition for "came" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is **12) Reach
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable definition for "retire" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is **10)
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable definition for "do" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do a free job now
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable definition for "free" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do a free job now
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable definition for "job" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do a free job now
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable definition for "told" in the sentence "You should have told me about her before ``" is **3
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the sentence is:**2) Undergo an emotional sensation or be in
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable definition for "twinge" in this context is **2) A sudden sharp feeling**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable definition for "annoyance" in the sentence is:**5) The psychological state of being irritated
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable definition for "heard" in the sentence is **5) Perceive (sound) via the auditory sense**.
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable definition for "familiar" in the context of the sentence is:**3) Well known or easily recognized
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable definition for "wild" in the context of the sentence is **1) In a natural state; not tamed
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the sentence is:**5) The content of cognition; the main thing
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable definition for "clouded" in the context of the sentence is **4) Mentally disordered**.
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable definition for "brain" in the sentence is:**2) That which is responsible for one's
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable definition for "Suppose" in the given sentence is:**2) Expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable definition for "suppose" in the given sentence is:**5) Take for granted or as a
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this context is **2) An informal term for a youth or man**.
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable definition for "said" in the sentence "Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable definition for "professional" in the context of the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:**3
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable definition for "killer" in the context of the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:**2
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable definition for "nut" in the sentence is **6) Usually large hard-shelled seed**.
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable definition for "harm" in the sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm was done" is
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable definition for "done" in the sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm was done" is
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable definition for "do" in the sentence "But if he was the real thing, he could do something about
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:**2) Undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable definition for "cunning" in the sentence is:**1) Marked by skill in deception**
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable definition for "proud" in the given sentence is:**1) Feeling self-respect or pleasure in
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable definition for "played" in this context is **5) Use to one's advantage**. Here
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence is **7) An adult male person who has a manly character (
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable definition for "soft spot" in the given sentence is **1) A place of especial vulnerability**.
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable definition for "offense" in the context of the sentence is:**2) A lack of politeness
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable definition for "intended" in the sentence "No offense intended," is **2) Have in mind as a
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable definition for "said" in the sentence "No offense intended, he said gently" is **6) U
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable definition for "suspect" in the given sentence is:**1) Hold in suspicion; believe to
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The best definition for "thing" in this context is **1) A separate and self-contained entity**. Here
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the given sentence is **5) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable definition for "coincidence" in the given sentence is:**1) An event that might have been
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the sentence "After all, I didn't know you, Pete" is
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable definition for "say" in the context of the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is **
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable definition for "managed" in the context of the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is **
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is **1) An individual that one
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable definition for "hooked" in the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is **2) To cause (
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is **5) The organ of
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable definition for "burned" in the context of the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:**
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable definition for "muttered" in the sentence is **1) Talk indistinctly; usually in a low voice
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable definition for "looked" in the sentence "Of course it looked like an accident" is **4) Per
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence "I always work it that way -- and always at a time when
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence is **12) A suitable moment**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable definition for "has" in the sentence "I always work it that way -- and always at a time when
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable definition for "alibi" in the sentence is:**2) (law) a defense by an
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable definition for "Let" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil" is **2) Actively
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable definition for "prove" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil" is:**3)
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the context of the sentence is **5) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable definition for "favor" in the sentence "I think I can manage one more favor for you" is **
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable definition for "waited" in the sentence "He waited eagerly" is:**4) Stay in
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable definition for "liquor" in the sentence is **2) An alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable definition for "bottom" in the sentence is **4) The lowest part of anything**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable definition for "glass" in the sentence "Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass"
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition of "rout" in this context is **2) An overwhelming defeat**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "backed" in this context is **3) Give support or one's approval to**.
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is **2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party.**
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this context is **2) Relating to a president or presidency.**Here
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this context is:**1) A politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable definition of "reminder" in this context is **2) An experience that causes you to remember something.**
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition for "federal" in this context is **3) National; especially in reference to the government of the
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable definition for "level" in this context is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable definition for "political" in this context is **2) Involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable definition for "past" in this sentence is **2) Earlier than the present time; no longer current.**
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this sentence is **2) Relating to a president or presidency.**Here
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "election" in this context is **4) The act of selecting someone or something; the exercise
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "nation" in this sentence is:**1) A politically organized body of people under a
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "choose" in this sentence is **3) Pick out, select, or choose from a number
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "party" in this context is **3) An organization to gain political power.**Here'
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this sentence is:**1) A politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "percentage" in the sentence is **2) A proportion in relation to a whole (which is
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "equals" in this sentence is:**1) Be identical or equivalent to**Here
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "tend" in this sentence is **1) Have a tendency or disposition to do or be something
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "favor" in this sentence is **3) Promote over another**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this sentence is:**1) An advocate of a republic (usually in
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "races" in this context is **2) Any competition**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:**3) The person who holds the office of
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this sentence is **2) Relating to a president or presidency.**Here
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "election" in this context is **4) The act of selecting someone or something; the exercise
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "past" in this sentence is **2) Earlier than the present time; no longer current.**
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this sentence is **2) Relating to a president or presidency.**Here
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "percentage" in this sentence is **2) A proportion in relation to a whole (which is
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "major" in this context is **8) Of greater importance or stature or rank**.
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable definition for "party" in this context is **3) An organization to gain political power.**Here'
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "popular" in this context is **3) Carried on by or for the people (or citizens
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition of "vote" in this context is **3) The total number of voters who participated.**Here
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is **3) The person who holds the office of head of state
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "seats" in this context is **2) The legal right to sit as a member in a
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for "popular" in this context is **3) Carried on by or for the people (or citizens
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition of "vote" in this context is **3) The total number of voters who participated.**Here
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "opposite" in the context of the sentence is:**1) A relation of direct opposition
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "accounts for" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?" is:
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "results" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?" is **3)
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "recent" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?" is **1)
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "decades" in the sentence is:**1) A period of 10 years
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the context of the sentence is:**6) Having few parts; not
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "partial" in this context is:**2) Being or affecting only a part; not
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "displayed" in this sentence is:**1) To show, make visible or apparent**
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition is **4) A native or inhabitant of the United States**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "assumptions" in the context of the sentence is:**2) A statement that is
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "brands" in this context is **6) A name given to a product or service**.
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "political" in this sentence is **2) Involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "agents" in this context is **2) A representative who acts on behalf of other persons or
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is **1) Having the supreme power lying in the body of citizens
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "brand" in this context is **6) A name given to a product or service**.
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "minimalist" in this context is **2) Advocating minimal reforms (as in government or politics
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "state" in this context is **7) A politically organized body of people under a single government
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for "virtues" in this context is **1) A particular moral excellence**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "private" in this context is **1) Concerning things deeply private and personal**. Here
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "markets" in this context is **6) The world of commercial activity where goods and services are
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "vices" in this context is **3) Moral weakness**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	The most suitable definition for "public" in this context is **2) Affecting the people or community as a whole**.
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	The most suitable definition for "action" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is **3) Characterized by or advocating or based upon the principles
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable definition for "brand" in this context is **6) A name given to a product or service**.
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable definition for "public" in this context is **2) Affecting the people or community as a whole**.
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable definition for "intervention" in the context of the sentence is:**5) The act or fact of
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	The most suitable definition for "remedy" in this context is **2) Provide relief for**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable definition for "excesses" in this context is **6) Immoderation as a consequence of going beyond
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable definition for "attendant" in this context is **1) Following or accompanying as a consequence**.
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable definition for "pursuit" in this context is **4) The act of pursuing in an effort to overtake
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable definition for "private" in this context is **1) Concerning things deeply private and personal**. Here
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable definition for "interest" in the given sentence is **6) Something that interests you because it is important or
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in the given sentence is:**3) A person who represents others**
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is **7) Have or possess, either in a concrete or
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "responsibilities" in this context is **3) The proper sphere or extent of your activities**.
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "voting" in the context of the sentence is:**5) Express one's preference
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "office" in the context of the sentence is **6) A job in an organization**.
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "dealing" in the context of the sentence is **6) Take action with respect to (someone
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable definition for "national" in the context of the sentence is:**5) Concerned with or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "issues" in the context of the sentence is **3) An important question that is in dispute
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "casting" in this context is **8) Put or send forth**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is **5) A choice that is made by counting the number of
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "legislation" in this context is **2) An act passed by a legislative body**.
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	The most suitable definition for "imposes" in this context is **3) Compel to behave in a certain way.**
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable definition for "costs" in the context of the sentence is **1) The total spent for goods or services
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable definition for "confers" in this context is **2) Present**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the context of the sentence is **3) Something that aids or promotes well-
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable definition for "population" in the context of the sentence is:**4) The number of inhabitants (
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable definition for "attending" in this context is **2) Get down to; pay attention to; take
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable definition for "local" in the sentence is **2) Relating to or applicable to or concerned with the administration
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable definition for "issues" in the context of the sentence is **3) An important question that is in dispute
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable definition for "service" in the context of the sentence is **6) Work done by one person or group
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this sentence is:**2) Relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is **3) A person who represents others**. Here
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "belief" in the given sentence is **2) A personal belief or judgment that is not founded
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "minimalist" in this context is **2) Advocating minimal reforms (as in government or politics
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "state" in the given sentence is:**7) A politically organized body of people under
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this sentence is **1) Disposed or inclined toward**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "engage" in the given sentence is **8) Carry out or participate in an activity; be
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "local" in the sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood.**
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this sentence is **2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party.**
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:**1) One of the persons who compose a
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "assumptions" in this context is:**2) A statement that is assumed to be
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "hold" in the given sentence is **11) Remain in a certain state, position,
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "races" in this context is **6) People who are believed to belong to the same genetic
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "face" in this context is **7) Turn so as to face; turn the face in
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is **7) Have or possess, either in a concrete or an
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable definition of "incentive" in this context is **2) A positive motivational influence**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "lean" in this context is **4) Have a tendency or disposition to do or be something
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is **1) Representing or appealing to or adapted for the benefit of
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "put" in this sentence is **6) Put into a certain place or abstract location**.
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "office" in this context is **1) (of a government or government official) holding an
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "acquire" in this context is **2) Come into possession of**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood**.
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is **3) Something that aids or promotes well-being.**
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this context is **1) Keep from happening or arising; make impossible.**
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable definition for "bringing home the bacon" in this context is **1) Supply means of subsistence; earn a
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "comes" in this sentence is **2) Be relevant to**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "national" in this sentence is **5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is **2) The act that results in something coming to be**.
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "races" in this context is **2) Any competition**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "incentive" in this sentence is **2) A positive motivational influence**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "lean" in the given sentence is: **4) Have a tendency or disposition to do or
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is **6) The chief executive of a republic**. Here
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "limit" in this sentence is:**1) Place limits on (extent or access)**
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood**.
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is **3) Something that aids or promotes well-being.**
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "particular" in this sentence is **3) Unique or specific to a person or thing or category
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is **6) The chief executive of a republic**. Here
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "likely" in this sentence is:**2) Has a good chance of being the case
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "effective" in this sentence is **4) Able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively.**
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable definition for "preventing" in this sentence is:**1) Keep from happening or arising; make
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood**.
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is **3) Something that aids or promotes well-being.**
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "individual" in the sentence is:**1) Concerning one person exclusively** Here
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "standing" in the sentence is **2) Social or financial or professional status or reputation.**
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "enhanced" in this sentence is **2) Increase**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the context of the sentence is:**6) Having few parts; not
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "appears" in the sentence is:**3) Seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	The best definition for "explain" in this sentence is **3) Make plain and comprehensible.**Here's why
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "several" in this sentence is **3) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is **5) An entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this context is **2) Become bigger or greater in amount**. Here
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The best definition for "taken" in this context is **14) Occupy or take on**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is **2) Earlier than the present time; no longer current.**
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "election" in this context is **4) The act of selecting someone or something; the exercise
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is **3) The person who holds the office of head of state
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable definition for "advent" in this context is:**1) Arrival that has been awaited (especially of
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "government" in this context is:**1) (government) the system or form by
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "occupied" in this context is **3) Inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable definition of "role" in this context is:**1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable definition of "society" in this context is:**1) An extended social group having a distinctive cultural
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is:**3) A state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "confronting" in this context is **2) Be face to face with**.
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable definition for "races" in this context is **6) People who are believed to belong to the same genetic
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	The best definition for "explains" in this context is **2) Serve as a reason or cause or justification of**.
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "hold" in this context is **1) Protect against a challenge or attack**. Here
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "disdain" in the given sentence is:**1) Lack of respect accompanied by a
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "love" in this context is **1) Have a great affection or liking for**.
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is **3) A person who represents others**. Here
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is **1) Concerning one person exclusively**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "constituents" in the given sentence is:**2) A member of a constituency;
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable definition for "appreciate" in this context is **1) Recognize with gratitude; be grateful for**.
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable definition for "specific" in this context is:**2) (sometimes followed by `to') applying
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is **3) Something that aids or promotes well-being.**
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	The most suitable definition for "wins" in this context is **4) Be the winner in a contest or competition; be
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable definition for "overall" in this context is **1) Including everything**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	The most suitable definition of "cost" in this context is **3) Value measured by what must be given or done or
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable definition for "doing" in the context of the sentence is **11) Carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "suggests" in this context is **5) Imply as a possibility**. Here
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is **5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is **2) The act that results in something coming to be.**
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "relative" in this sentence is:**1) Properly related in size or degree or other
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "local" in the sentence is:**2) Relating to or applicable to or concerned with
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is **7) Have or possess, either in a concrete or
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable definition for "office" in the given sentence is:**6) A job in an organization**
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:**1) One of the persons who compose a
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "vulnerable" in the context of the sentence is **3) Susceptible to attack**.
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is **1) Enter or assume a certain state or condition.**
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "immune" in the sentence is:**1) (usually followed by `to') not
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "defeat" in this context is:**1) An unsuccessful ending to a struggle or
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "exception" in this sentence is **2) An instance that does not conform to a rule or
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition of "trend" in this sentence is **4) A general direction in which something tends to move**.
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "defeat" in this context is **1) An unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest.**
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "freshman" in this sentence is **1) Any new participant in some activity**.
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this sentence is:**2) A member of the Republican Party**
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "brought" in this sentence is **5) Cause to come into a particular state or condition.**
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for "office" in this context is **6) A job in an organization**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "revolution" in this context is **4) A drastic and far-reaching change in ways of
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable definition for "running" in this context is **10) Extend or continue for a certain period of time
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "freshmen" in this sentence is **2) A first-year undergraduate**. Here
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "placed" in this sentence is **7) Place somebody in a particular situation or location.**
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "emphasis" in this sentence is **2) Special importance or significance**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "role" in this sentence is:**1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in this context is **3) Distribute or disperse widely**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "revolution" in this context is **4) A drastic and far-reaching change in ways of
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "national" in this sentence is **5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is **2) The act that results in something coming to be.**
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "indicates" in this context is:**1) Give evidence of** Here'
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "attracting" in this context is **2) Be attractive to**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:**2) Someone who is considered for something (for
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "office" in the given sentence is **6) A job in an organization**. Here
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "potential" in this sentence is **2) Existing in possibility**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:**2) Someone who is considered for something (for
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "discouraged" in this sentence is:**2) Deprive of courage or hope;
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "running" in this context is **22) Cover by running; run a certain distance**.
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for "prospect" in this sentence is **2) Belief about (or mental picture of) the
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "defeat" in this sentence is:**1) An unsuccessful ending to a struggle or
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this sentence is **2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party.**
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this sentence is **1) Someone who offers opposition**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable definition of "extent" in this sentence is **2) The point or degree to which something extends**.
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "potential" in this sentence is **1) Expected to become or be; in prospect**.
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:**1) A politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "realize" in this context is **5) Be fully aware or cognizant of**.
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "works" in this context is **14) Have an effect or outcome; often the one
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "hindered" in this context is **1) Hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "attempts" in this context is **2) Earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "competitive" in this context is **3) Involving competition or competitiveness.**Here's
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable definition for "slate" in this context is **4) A list of candidates nominated by a political party to
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:**1) A politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "partial" in this context is:**2) Being or affecting only a part; not
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "reason" in this context is:**1) An explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable definition of "extent" in this sentence is **2) The point or degree to which something extends**.
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is **2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party**.
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable definition for "held" in this context is **19) Have room for; hold without crowding**.
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "share" in this context is **3) The allotment of some amount by dividing something**.
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for "power" in this context is **8) One possessing or exercising power or influence or authority**.
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable definition for "able" in this context is **2) (usually followed by `to') having the necessary
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable definition for "translate" in this context is **3) Be equivalent in effect**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood**.
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is **3) Something that aids or promotes well-being.**
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable definition for "had" in this sentence is **7) Have or possess, either in a concrete or an
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable definition for "strong" in this context is **8) Characterized by or full of force or strength (
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable definition of "incentive" in this sentence is **2) A positive motivational influence**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable definition for "keep" in this context is **9) Continue a certain state, condition, or activity**.
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable definition is **3) A member of the Democratic Party**. Here's why:* **
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable definition for "office" in this context is **6) A job in an organization**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "suggests" in this sentence is **5) Imply as a possibility**. Here
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is:**2) A member of the Republican Party**
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "fared" in this sentence is **1) Proceed or get along**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "races" in this context is **6) People who are believed to belong to the same genetic
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "campaigns" in this context is:**3) A race between candidates for elective office**
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **2) Relating to or applicable to or concerned with the administration
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is **5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for "making" in this context is **2) The act that results in something coming to be.**
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable definition for "chamber" in this context is **6) A deliberative or legislative or administrative or judicial assembly
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for "expect" in this context is **6) Regard something as probable or likely**. Here
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is **2) A member of the Republican Party**. Here
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this context is **1) Disposed or inclined toward**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable definition for "engage" in this context is **8) Carry out or participate in an activity; be involved
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **2) Relating to or applicable to or concerned with the administration
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is **2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party**.
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable definition for "counterparts" in this sentence is **2) A person or thing having the same function or
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "empirical" in the sentence "Is there any empirical support for this theory?" is:
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "Is there any empirical support for this theory?" is
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "pieces" in this context is **2) A separate part of a whole**. Here
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is:**3) (law) all the means by which
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "assumption" in the given sentence is:**2) A statement that is assumed to be
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this sentence is **2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party**.
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this sentence is **1) Disposed or inclined toward**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for "engage" in this context is **8) Carry out or participate in an activity; be involved
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood.**
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is **2) Relating to or belonging to the Republican Party.**
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	The most suitable definition for "colleagues" in this sentence is **1) An associate that one works with**.
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "First" in this sentence is:**3) The initial time** Here'
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given sentence is **7) Find out, learn, or determine with certainty
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is **3) Particular to a given individual**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "staff" in this context is:**5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying out
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "budgets" in this sentence is **1) A sum of money allocated for a particular purpose
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	The most suitable definition is **3) A member of the Democratic Party**. Here's why:* **
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable definition of "extent" in this sentence is **2) The point or degree to which something extends**.
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "primary" in this sentence is **3) Of first rank or importance or value; direct and
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable definition of "duty" in this context is:**1) Work that you are obliged to perform for
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is **2) Concerning or affecting a particular person or his or her
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "staff" in the given sentence is:**5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "involves" in this sentence is **3) Engage as a participant**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "local" in the sentence is:**1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "indicates" in this context is:**1) Give evidence of** Here'
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "political" in this sentence is **2) Involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable definition of "philosophy" in this context is **2) A comprehensive view of the world and human life.**
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "leads" in this context is **11) Cause something to pass or lead somewhere**.
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is:**2) A member of the Republican Party**
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable definition for "narrow" in this context is **4) Limited in size or scope**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition for "constituent" in the given sentence is:**2) A member of a constituency;
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in this context is **2) Something that interests you because it is important or affects
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "assumption" in this context is:**2) A statement that is assumed to be true
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for "valid" in this context is **1) Well grounded in logic or truth or having legal force
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable definition is **3) A member of the Democratic Party**. Here's why:* **
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is **7) Have or possess, either in a concrete or an
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in this context is **1) The number of people that are present**.
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "rates" in this context is **1) A quantity or amount or measure considered as a proportion
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is **3) The total number of voters who participated.**Here
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is:**2) A member of the Republican Party**
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable definition of "extent" in this sentence is **2) The point or degree to which something extends**.
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is **3) The total number of voters who participated.**Here
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable definition for "reflect" in this context is **3) Use or exercise the mind or one's power
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is **5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this context is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is **2) The act that results in something coming to be.**
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is **3) The total number of voters who participated.**Here
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **7) A period of time considered as a resource under your
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The best definition for "devote" in this context is **2) Set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **1) Of or belonging to a particular locality or neighborhood**.
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "indicate" in the sentence "This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly in the case of
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in the sentence "This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly in the case of
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this sentence is **2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party**.
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in this sentence is **1) The number of people that are present**.
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "rate" in this sentence is **1) A quantity or amount or measure considered as a proportion
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is **2) Relating to or belonging to the Republican Party**.
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in this sentence is **1) The number of people that are present**.
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "rate" in this sentence is **1) A quantity or amount or measure considered as a proportion
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "shown" in this context is **7) Make visible or noticeable**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "table" in this context is **6) A set of data arranged in rows and columns.**
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition is **3) A member of the Democratic Party**. Here's why:* **
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in this sentence is **4) The relation between things (or parts of things)
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is **2) Concerning or affecting a particular person or his or her
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "staffs" in this context is **5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying out an
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable definition for "offices" in this context is **4) Place of business where professional or clerical duties are performed
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is **2) Relating to or applicable to or concerned with the administration
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable definition for "duties" in this context is **1) Work that you are obliged to perform for moral
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is **5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is **2) The act that results in something coming to be.**
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable definition for "activities" in this context is **8) Any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.**
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable definition for "relative" in this sentence is **1) Properly related in size or degree or other measurable characteristics
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable definition for "offices" in this context is **4) Place of business where professional or clerical duties are performed
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "examination" in this context is **2) Formal systematic questioning**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in this context is **4) An event that occurs when something passes from one state
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is **2) Concerning or affecting a particular person or his or her
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "decisions" in this context is **4) The act of choosing or selecting**. Here
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "control" in this context is **13) Power to direct or determine**. Here
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "body" in this context is **16) The entire structure of an organism (an animal
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable definition for "party" in this context is **3) An organization to gain political power.**Here'
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in this context is **1) Make visible**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is **2) Concerning or affecting a particular person or his or her
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable definition for "differences" in this context is **1) A variation that deviates from the standard or norm
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable definition for "noted" in this context is **3) Observe with care or pay close attention to**.
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable definition for "table" in this context is **6) A set of data arranged in rows and columns.**
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	The most suitable definition for "attributed" in this context is **2) Attribute or credit to**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable definition for "control" in this context is **13) Power to direct or determine**. Here
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	The most suitable definition is **3) A member of the Democratic Party**. Here's why:* **
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	The most suitable definition for "exercise" in this context is **4) Put to use**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable definition of "status" in this sentence is **1) The relative position or standing of things or especially persons
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable definition of "resources" in this context is **2) A source of aid or support that may be drawn
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable definition for "committee" in this context is **2) A special group delegated to consider some matter.**
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable definition for "staff" in this context is **5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying out an assigned
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "piece" in this context is **2) A separate part of a whole**. Here
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this context is:**3) (law) all the means by which
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "Holding" in this context is **19) Be pertinent or relevant or applicable**.
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "factors" in this context is **8) Anything that contributes causally to a result.**
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable definition of "constant" in this context is **1) Not subject or susceptible to change or variation in form
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable definition for "incumbency" in this context is **3) The office of an incumbent**.
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in this context is **2) Benefit resulting from some event or action.**Here
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable definition for "regional" in this context is **1) Related or limited to a particular region**.
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable definition for "factors" in this context is **8) Anything that contributes causally to a result.**
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is **1) A variation that deviates from the standard or norm
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition for "popular" in this context is **3) Carried on by or for the people (or citizens
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is **3) The total number of voters who participated**.
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:**2) Relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this context is **2) Relating to a president or presidency.**Here
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this context is:**1) A politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable definition for "states" in this context is **9) The territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable definition for "conducting" in this context is **1) Direct the course of; manage or control**.
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable definition for "election" in this context is **4) The act of selecting someone or something; the exercise
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable definition for "turns out" in this context is **4) Prove to be in the result or end**.
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable definition for "positive" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Reckoned, situated
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable definition for "function" in this context is **4) A relation such that one thing is dependent on another
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this context is **3) Weight to be borne or conveyed**. Here
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable definition for "state" in this context is **1) The territory occupied by a nation**. Here
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable definition for "progressive" in the context of the sentence is **6) (of taxes) adjusted so that
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable definition for "hits" in this context is **13) Cause to experience suddenly, usually adversely**.
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable definition for "higher" in this context is **7) Greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount**.
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable definition for "states" in this context is **9) The territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "Put" in this sentence is **6) Put into a certain place or abstract location.**
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:**2) Someone who is considered for something (for
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is **3) The person who holds the office of head of state
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "looked on" in this sentence is **2) Look on as or consider**. Here
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this sentence is:**2) Relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:**2) Someone who is considered for something (for
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable definition for "severe" in this context is **5) Intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "appears" in this context is:**3) Seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "take" in this context is **15) Pick out, select, or choose from a
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is **2) Closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable definition for "level" in this context is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable definition for "federal" in this context is **3) National; especially in reference to the government of the
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in this context is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "lines" in this context is **12) A spatial location defined by a real or imaginary
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for "reverse" in this sentence is **2) A relation of direct opposition**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "investigation" in this context is **1) The work of inquiring into something thoroughly and systematically.**
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in this context is **1) Make visible**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "holding" in this context is **9) Contain or hold; have within**. Here
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable definition for "factors" in this context is **8) Anything that contributes causally to a result.**
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable definition for "constant" in this context is **1) Not subject or susceptible to change or variation in form
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is **1) A variation that deviates from the standard or norm
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for "state" in this context is **1) The territory occupied by a nation**. Here
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "major" in this context is **8) Of greater importance or stature or rank**.
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable definition for "party" in this context is **3) An organization to gain political power.**Here'
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable definition for "vote" in this context is **5) A choice that is made by counting the number of
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable definition for "going" in this context is **19) Stretch out over a distance, space, time
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is **2) Relating to or belonging to the Republican Party**.
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this context is:**1) A politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is **2) Relating to or belonging to the Republican Party**.
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable definition for "share" in this context is **4) Any of the equal portions into which the capital stock
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is:**1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable definition for "positive" in this context is **2) Reckoned, situated or tending in the direction
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable definition for "function" in this context is **4) A relation such that one thing is dependent on another
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable definition for "state" in this context is **1) The territory occupied by a nation**. Here
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "federal" in this sentence is:**3) National; especially in reference to the government
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this sentence is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is **2) One of the portions into which something is regarded
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable definition for "irrational" in this context is **1) Not consistent with or using reason**.
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:**3) (behavioral attributes) the way a
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable definition for "display" in this context is **1) To show, make visible or apparent.**Here
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable definition for "rational" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Consistent with or based on
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "long" in the sentence is **6) Primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively great
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "night" in the given sentence is:**1) The time after sunset and before sunrise
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "devastating" in this sentence is **1) Cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly.**
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "earthquake" in that sentence is:**1) Shaking and vibration at the surface
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "residents" in this context is **2) Someone who lives at a particular place for a prolonged
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "searched" in the given sentence is **3) Search or seek**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "comfort" in the given sentence is:**2) The act of consoling; giving
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "solace" in the given sentence is:**1) The act of consoling;
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "screen" in the sentence "Some found it on the screen of a personal computer" is:
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The best definition for "made" in this context is **14) Engage in**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "computers" in this sentence is **2) A machine for performing calculations automatically**. Here
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for "link" in this context is **3) Be or become joined or united or linked**.
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "computers" in this sentence is **2) A machine for performing calculations automatically**. Here
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The best definition for "vivid" in this context is **1) Having the clarity and freshness of immediate experience**.
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "came" in this context is **11) Be received**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "electronic" in this sentence is:**2) Of or relating to electronics; concerned with
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "subscribers" in this sentence is:**1) Someone who contracts to receive and pay for
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "live" in this context is **4) Inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "hours" in this sentence is **1) Clock time**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "came" in this context is **10) Come to the surface**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "teemed" in this sentence is **1) Move in large numbers**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "emotional" in this context is **1) Of or pertaining to emotion**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "electronic" in the sentence is:**2) Of or relating to electronics; concerned with
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "traffic" in the context of the sentence is:**1) The aggregation of things (
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence is:**7) A period of time considered as a resource
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "Time" in the sentence is:**7) A period of time considered as a resource
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "subscribers" in this context is **1) Someone who contracts to receive and pay for a service
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is **5) Seek or achieve an end by using to one'
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "identify" in this context is:**4) Recognize as being; establish the identity of
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "avenues" in that sentence is **2) A wide street or thoroughfare**.
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the sentence is **8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "old" in the sentence is **3) Of long duration; not new**. Here
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "building" in the sentence is:**1) A structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "heart" in the sentence is:**1) The hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "fallen" in the context of the sentence is **14) Go as if by falling**.
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "poster" in this context is **3) A sign posted in a public place as an advertisement
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "frames" in the given sentence is:**14) A framework that supports and protects
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "glass" in the sentence is **2) A brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure**.
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the sentence is **8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "open" in the context of the sentence is **3) Affording unobstructed entrance and
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the sentence is **8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in the sentence is:**1) Preferred above all others and treated with parti
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in the sentence is: **4) Stay in one place and anticipate or expect something
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole, waiting for the game to
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "start" in the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole, waiting for the game to
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this context is **5) Perceive by a physical sensation, e.g
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "begin" in the context of the sentence is **8) Set in motion, cause to start
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "glanced" in this context is **2) Throw a glance at; take a brief
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "table" in the sentence is **7) A piece of furniture having a smooth flat top that
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is **1) Nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without intervening
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "smiled" in this context is **2) Express with a smile.**Here's
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "guilty" in this context is **2) Showing a sense of guilt**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "mouthed" in this context is **2) Express in speech**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "words" in this context is **9) A unit of language that native speakers can identify.**
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable definition for "Earth-quake" in the sentence is:**1) Shaking and vibration at the
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "long" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the temblors
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "takes" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the temblors
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "pass" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the temblors
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence is **1) An instance or single occasion for some event**.
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The best definition for "got" in this context is **1) Achieve a point or goal**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:**1) A structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "started" in this context is **10) Set in motion, cause to start**.
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in the sentence is **8) Shake (a body part) to communicate a greeting
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "child" in this context is **2) A young person of either sex**. Here
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The best definition for "toy" in this context is **5) An artifact designed to be played with**. Here
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "block" in the sentence is **14) A solid piece of something (usually having flat
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "tossed" in this context is **4) Move or stir about violently**. Here
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "library" in the sentence "I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit" is:
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the sentence "I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit" is:
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "endless" in the sentence is: **4) Tiresomely long; seemingly without end**.
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the sentence is **4) An indefinitely short time**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "wondering" in the sentence is:**1) Have a wish or desire to know
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "windows" in the sentence is:**1) A transparent opening in a vehicle that allow
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "buckle" in this sentence is **3) Bend out of shape, as under pressure or from
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "shower" in this context is **1) Spray or sprinkle with**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "glass" in the sentence is **2) A brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure**.
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "books" in the sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading room" is **8
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "fell" in the sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading room" is **4
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "paint" in this context is **2) A substance used as a coating to protect or decorate
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "shop" in this sentence is **1) A mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "fire" in the sentence is **8) The event of something burning (often destructive)**.
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "sent" in this context is:**4) To cause or order to be taken,
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "cloud" in this context is:**4) Any collection of particles (e.g
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "black" in the sentence is **7) Being of the achromatic color of maximum darkness;
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for "smoke" in the sentence is:**5) A hot vapor containing fine particles of carbon
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "air" in the sentence is:**1) The region above the ground**
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "fine" in the sentence "My younger daughter and I are fine" is **3) Being
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "building" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger" is:
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "shook" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger" is
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "like hell" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger" is
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger" is **
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The best definition for "getting" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger" is **1
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "exploding" in the given sentence is:**6) Cause to burst with a violent
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "burning" in this context is **2) Cause to undergo combustion**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **5) An entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable definition for "peaceful" in the sentence is:**1) Not disturbed by strife or turmoil or war
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "lot" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is **3) Any
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "car" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:**2
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "alarms" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is **3)
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "went off" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is **4)
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "cats" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is:**2
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "fine" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is **3) Being
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "nervous" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is **4) Ca
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable definition for "fire" in the given sentence is **5) A very intense and uncontrolled fire**.
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "fill" in the context of the sentence "Areas that are made of **fill'liquefy
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "liquefy" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Make (a
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is:**2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for "able" in this sentence is **2) (usually followed by `to') having the necessary
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "walk" in this context is **9) Use one's feet to advance; advance by
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "window" in this context is:**1) A transparent opening in a vehicle that allow
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "floor" in this sentence is **8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "street" in this context is:**1) The part of a thoroughfare between the
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in this context is **2) Height above ground**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "house" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is **1
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is **1
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "driving" in the given sentence is:**5) Operate or control a vehicle**
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in this sentence is **3) An automotive vehicle suitable for hauling.**Here'
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:**1) Come to a halt, stop moving
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "red light" in this sentence is **1) The signal to stop**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "corner" in this sentence is **5) The intersection of two streets**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this context is **5) Cause to move by striking**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "part" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "watching" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "waving" in the sentence is:**1) Move in a wavy pattern or with
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "head" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable definition for "drive" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "ft." in the sentence "300 ft. out on a pier in San Rafael"
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "pier" in the sentence "Was 300 ft. out on a pier in San
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The best definition for "dramatic" in the sentence "It flopped all around, real dramatic!" is **3) Sens
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "hairline" in the sentence is **1) A very thin line**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "cracks" in the sentence "Many hairline cracks in the concrete slabs afterwards" is:
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "Ruined" in the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!" is **3) Destroy completely
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "damn" in the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!" is **1) Expletives
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is **2) Coming next after the first in position in space or
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the sentence is **8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "heard" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is **
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "parts" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is **
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "building" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is:
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "head" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is **
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "cracking" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is **4) Have
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "die" in the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is:**1
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "decide" in the sentence is:**1) Reach, make, or come to a
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "come" in the sentence "I couldn't decide if I should come home to Marin
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for "home" in the sentence is **5) Housing that someone is living in**. Here
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "house" in the sentence is:**6) Housing that someone is living in**
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable definition for "stilts" in the sentence is:**3) A column of wood or steel or
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "decided" in the sentence "I decided to brave the storm" is:**1)
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "smell" in this context is:**4) The sensation that results when olfactory receptors in
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for "gas" in the given sentence is:**1) A volatile flammable mixture of hydrocarbons (
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:**8) Pass by** Here'
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "crossing" in this context is:**1) Travel across or pass over**
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is **13) See or watch**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "clouds" in this sentence is:**1) A visible mass of water or ice particles
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "bay" in the sentence is **2) An indentation of a shoreline larger than a cove but
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable definition for "fire" in the sentence is **5) A very intense and uncontrolled fire**. Here
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the sentence "I have felt many aftershocks" is **9) Be
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "back" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking"
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable definition for "hands" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking"
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking"
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is **5) Expect, believe, or suppose**.
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "body" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just be my
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just be my
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in the sentence "I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across the
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "house" in the sentence "I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across the
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "bay" in the sentence is **2) An indentation of a shoreline larger than a cove but
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "hard" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is:
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "believe" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is:
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable definition for "happening" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:**1) A structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the sentence is **2) A projecting part where two sides or edges meet**.
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the sentence is **1) Grow worse**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable definition for "old" in the sentence is **5) (used especially of persons) having lived for a
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "lady" in this context is:**1) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for "old" in the sentence is **5) (used especially of persons) having lived for a
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "mother" in the given sentence is:**6) A woman who has given birth to
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "Books" in the sentence "Books and software everywhere" is **8) Physical objects consisting of
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable definition for "typed" in the sentence "This being typed in a standing position" is:**2
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable definition for "standing" in the sentence "This being typed in a standing position" is:**3
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "position" in the sentence "This being typed in a standing position" is:**8
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for "feel" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing" is:**5)
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	The best definition for "thing" in this context is **1) A separate and self-contained entity**. Here
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable definition for "strange" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable definition for "bird" in the sentence is:**2) Warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable definition for "Duck" in the sentence "Duck swarms" is:**4) Small wild or domesticated
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "swarms" in the sentence "Duck swarms" is **1) A group of many things
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago" is:
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago" is:
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "numb" in the sentence "I'm just numb" is **2) Lacking sensation
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this sentence is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "part" in the sentence "Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that's
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable definition for "town" in this sentence is **3) An urban area with a fixed boundary that is smaller
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable definition for "phones" in this context is **1) Electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals that can
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "mess" in the sentence is **7) A state of confusion and disorderliness.**Here
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable definition for "wine" in this context is **1) Fermented juice (of grapes especially)**.
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable definition for "floors" in this sentence is **8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as of a room
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable definition for "big" in this context is **3) Above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable definition for "old" in the sentence is **3) Of long duration; not new**. Here
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "quivers" in this sentence is **2) A shaky motion**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is:**6) Housing that someone is living in**
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the sentence is **1) A unit of time equal to 60 seconds
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable definition for "unpredictable" in the sentence is **1) Not occurring at expected times**.
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "intervals" in this sentence is **1) A definite length of time marked off by two instants
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "mouse" in the given sentence is:**5) Any of numerous small rodents typically resembling
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for "living" in the sentence is:**4) Inhabit or live in; be an
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this context is **3) Take into one's possession**. Here
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable definition for "refuge" in this context is **2) A shelter from danger or hardship**. Here
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable definition for "distressed" in the sentence is: **4) Afflicted with or marked by anxious uneasiness
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "rolled" in the sentence "I was in Stinson Beach when the quake rolled through town"
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "town" in the sentence is **3) An urban area with a fixed boundary that is smaller
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **5) An entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The best definition for "got" in this sentence is **1) Achieve a point or goal**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "ran" in this sentence is **22) Cover by running; run a certain distance**.
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "door" in the sentence is:**1) A swinging or sliding barrier that will close
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for "spent" in this context is **2) Pass time in a specific way**. Here
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is **2) Immediately following in time or order**. Here
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this sentence is **6) An indefinitely short time**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable definition for "watching" in this context is **4) See or watch**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable definition for "brick" in this sentence is **2) Rectangular block of clay baked by the sun or in
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable definition for "feet" in the sentence is **11) The part of the leg of a human being
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable definition for "flowers" in this sentence is **3) A plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms.**
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable definition for "waving" in this sentence is:**1) Move in a wavy pattern or with
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable definition for "rhythm" in this sentence is **4) Recurring at regular intervals**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable definition for "Amazing" in the sentence is **1) Extraordinarily good or great ; used especially as
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable definition for "does" in the sentence "Amazing what it does to one's heart rate and one'
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	The most suitable definition for "one" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	The most suitable definition for "one" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable definition for "looked" in this sentence is **4) Perceive with attention; direct one's gaze
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable definition for "calm" in the sentence is **3) Serenely self-possessed and free from agitation especially
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The best definition for "surreal" in that sentence is **2) Characterized by fantastic imagery and incongruous juxtapositions
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable definition for "low" in the sentence is **5) Less than normal in degree or intensity or amount**.
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable definition for "level" in the sentence is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for "confusion" in the sentence is:**4) A mental state characterized by a lack of
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable definition for "continued" in the sentence is **6) Exist over a prolonged period of time**.
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this context is **3) Seem to be true, probable, or apparent.**
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for "night" in the sentence is:**1) The time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable definition for "doing" in this context is **11) Carry out or perform an action**.
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The best definition for "sound" in this context is **5) The sudden occurrence of an audible event.**Here'
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for "lights" in this context is **5) Any device serving as a source of illumination**.
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "friend" in this context is:**1) A person you know well and regard with
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for "underground" in that sentence is:**1) Under the level of the ground**
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable definition for "computer" in this sentence is **2) A machine for performing calculations automatically**. Here
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable definition for "center" in the given sentence is **6) (ice hockey) the person who plays center
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this context is **11) Affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely**.
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in the sentence "He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "computers" in this sentence is **2) A machine for performing calculations automatically**. Here
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable definition for "sliding" in the sentence is **2) Move smoothly along a surface.**Here's
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the sentence "He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable definition for "Today" in the sentence is **1) The day that includes the present moment (as opposed
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "people" in the sentence is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable definition for "realize" in the given sentence is **3) Make real or concrete; give reality or
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "hard" in the sentence is **6) Not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort to
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is **7) The experience of being alive; the course of
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable definition for "got" in this context is **11) Reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable definition for "home" in the given sentence is:**5) Housing that someone is living in**
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable definition for "let" in this context is **3) Cause to move; cause to be in a certain
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in the sentence is:**2) A member of the genus Canis (
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is:**6) Housing that someone is living in**
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this context is **4) Notice or perceive**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable definition for "sounds" in the given sentence is:**3) The subjective sensation of hearing something**
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence is **7) The part in the front or nearest the viewer
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable definition for "walking" in this context is **9) Use one's feet to advance; advance by
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	The most suitable definition for "roof" in the sentence is:**3) A protective covering that covers or forms the
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in the sentence "Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down" is:
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable definition for "car" in the sentence is:**2) A motor vehicle with four wheels; usually
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable definition for "bouncing" in the sentence is **5) Move up and down repeatedly**. Here
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable definition for "realized" in the sentence "I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable definition for "happening" in the sentence is **3) Happen, occur, or be the case in
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable definition for "screamed" in the sentence is:**2) Utter a sudden loud cry**
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable definition for "house" in the sentence "I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the dogs
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in the sentence "I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the dogs
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in this sentence is:**1) A swinging or sliding barrier that will close
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for "feet" in the sentence is **11) The part of the leg of a human being
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this sentence is **9) Dogs; wolves; jackals; foxes**.
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable definition for "came" in this sentence is **6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable definition for "dog" in the sentence is:**2) A member of the genus Canis (
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable definition for "stood" in this context is **10) Be standing; be upright**. Here
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable definition for "watching" in this context is **4) See or watch**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable definition for "outside" in the sentence is **3) Relating to or being on or near the outer side
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The best definition for "dance" in this context is **1) Move in a pattern; usually to musical accompaniment; do
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable definition for "realized" in this context is **5) Be fully aware or cognizant of**.
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable definition for "went" in this context is **18) Begin or set in motion**. Here
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable definition for "stood" in this context is **10) Be standing; be upright**. Here
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable definition for "house" in this context is **1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters for one or
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in this context is **4) Stay in one place and anticipate or expect something**.
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	The most suitable definition for "praying" in this context is **1) Call upon in supplication; entreat**.
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable definition for "come" in this context is **6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable definition for "home" in this context is **5) Housing that someone is living in**. Here
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable definition for "got" in this context is **11) Reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable definition for "life" in the sentence "Never in my life have I been so frightened" is:
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable definition for "saw" in this context is **13) See or watch**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable definition for "pictures" in this context is **13) A visual representation (of an object or scene
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable definition for "began" in the sentence is **5) Have a beginning, of a temporal event**.
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable definition for "cry" in this context is **4) Shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the sentence is:**1) The latter part of the day (the
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable definition for "people" in the sentence is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in the sentence is:**2) A member of the genus Canis (
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable definition for "walking around" in the context of the sentence is **2) Walk with no particular goal.**
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable definition for "drinking" in this context is **5) Consume alcohol**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable definition for "sitting down" in this context is **3) Take a seat**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable definition for "meet" in the given sentence is **2) Come together**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "clients" in this sentence is **1) Someone who pays for goods or services.**Here
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this context is **1) A pair of people who live together**.
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:**1) A structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable definition for "started" in this context is **10) Set in motion, cause to start**.
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in the sentence is **8) Shake (a body part) to communicate a greeting
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable definition for "flimsy" in the sentence is **2) Lacking solidity or strength**. Here
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The best definition for "structure" in the sentence "It's a flimsy structure, built up on supports, and it
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable definition for "built" in the sentence "It's a flimsy structure, built up on supports, and
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable definition for "supports" in the sentence "It's a flimsy structure, built up on supports, and
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable definition for "rocking" in the sentence is **1) Move back and forth or sideways**.
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the sentence is:**1) Come to a halt, stop moving**
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable definition for "breathing" in the sentence is:**9) Draw air into, and expel out of
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable definition for "moment" in the sentence is **2) An indefinitely short time**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment, and then when
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable definition for "coming" in the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment, and then when
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in the sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first session!" is **
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable definition for "session" in the sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first session!" is:
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable definition for "trouble" in the sentence is **1) A source of difficulty**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable definition for "family" in the sentence is:**3) Primary social group; parents and children**
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	The most suitable definition for "spent" in this sentence is **1) Spend completely**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable definition for "hour" in this sentence is **1) Clock time**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable definition for "knowing" in the sentence is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or a
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable definition for "started" in the sentence is **10) Set in motion, cause to start**.
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable definition for "rolling" in the sentence "Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable definition for "ocean" in the sentence is **2) A large body of water constituting a principal part of
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable definition for "waves" in the sentence is:**1) One of a series of ridges that moves
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The best definition for "ran" in this context is **23) Be diffused**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable definition for "house" in the sentence is:**1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The best definition for "get" in this context is **11) Reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress**.
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is **2) Immediately following in time or order**. Here
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in the sentence is **2) Shaking or trembling (usually resulting from weakness
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable definition for "threw" in this context is **2) Propel through the air**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable definition for "air" in the sentence is **1) The region above the ground**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable definition for "bounced" in this context is **2) Spring back; spring away from an impact.**
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable definition for "tried" in this context is **6) Make an effort or attempt**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable definition for "fine" in the sentence "We are all fine here, although Mame was extremely freaked" is
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable definition for "full" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:**6) Cons
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable definition for "crystal" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is **4) A solid formed
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable definition for "Books" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room" is **8) Physical
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable definition for "tapes" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room" is **1) A
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	The most suitable definition for "room" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room" is:**3
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this sentence is **1) A separate and self-contained entity**.
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is:**1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable definition for "structure" in the sentence is:**5) The manner of construction of something and the
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable definition for "fine" in the sentence "Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:**10) Be standing; be upright**
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in the sentence is:**4) Stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is **2) Shaking or trembling (usually resulting from
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this context is **4) Notice or perceive**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable definition for "emerging" in this context is **3) Come out to the surface of or rise**.
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the sentence is **11) The part of the earth's surface consisting
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable definition for "amazing" in the sentence is **2) Inspiring awe or admiration or wonder**. Here
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in the sentence "It's amazing how one second can so completely change your life
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable definition for "change" in the sentence "It's amazing how one second can so completely change your life
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable definition for "life" in the sentence "It's amazing how one second can so completely change your life
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable definition for "guess" in the sentence is:**2) Expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable definition for "living" in the sentence is **7) Have life, be alive**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in the sentence is: **4) Stay in one place and anticipate or expect something
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable definition for "hard" in the sentence "It's hard to accept that it's over and only
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable definition for "accept" in the sentence "It's hard to accept that it's over and only
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable definition for "took" in this sentence is **5) Get into one's hands, take physically**.
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the sentence is **12) 1/60 of a minute;
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable definition for "wonder" in the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to relax" is:
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable definition for "able" in the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to relax" is **
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable definition for "relax" in the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to relax" is **
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable definition for "flesh" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight" is **2
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable definition for "goes" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight" is **1
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable definition for "flight" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight" is **6
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable definition for "fight" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight" is **1
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	The most suitable definition for "Nausea" in the sentence is **2) The state that precedes vomiting**. Here
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable definition for "seems" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom" is:**3)
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable definition for "commonplace" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom" is **1) Repeated
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable definition for "symptom" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom" is:**2
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable definition for "quiet" in the sentence "Berkeley very quiet right now" is:**5) Free
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable definition for "walked" in the sentence is **9) Use one's feet to advance; advance
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this sentence is **1) A unit of time equal to 60 seconds
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable definition for "morning" in this sentence is **3) The first light of day**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable definition for "Next" in this sentence is:**1) Nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable definition for "bundled" in this context is **1) Make into a bundle**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The most suitable definition for "blue" in this context is **4) Of the color intermediate between green and violet; having
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable definition for "sat up" in this context is **2) Change to an upright sitting position**.
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is **6) Utter aloud**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is:**2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable definition for "smiled" in this context is **2) Express with a smile.**Here's
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is **6) Utter aloud**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable definition for "great" in this context is **6) Remarkable or out of the ordinary in degree or
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable definition for "alive" in this context is **2) Having life or vigor or spirit.**Here'
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable definition for "agreed" in the sentence "I agreed" is:**6) Be in accord;
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "group" in the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan" is:**5
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "plan" in the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to reduce emissions" is:
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in the context of the sentence is:**1) A substance that is emitted
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "climate" in this context is **2) The weather in some location averaged over some long period
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this context is **4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "focus" in the given sentence is **4) The concentration of attention or energy on something.**
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is **3) Writing that provides information (especially information of an official
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "reductions" in this context is **7) The act of decreasing or reducing something**.
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this context is **3) Weight to be borne or conveyed**. Here
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "term" in this context is **5) The term during which some position is held.**
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "text" in this sentence is:**1) The words of something written**
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition of "basis" in this sentence is:**3) The fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "deal" in this context is **3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "obstacles" in this context is:**1) An obstruction that stands in the way (
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "path" in this sentence is **3) A line or route along which something travels or moves
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "advance" in this context is **3) The act of moving forward (as toward a goal
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "negotiation" in that sentence is:**2) The activity or business of negotiating an
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence is **7) A period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "leaders" in the given sentence is: **9) A person who exercises control and makes decisions
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "week" in the sentence is:**1) Any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "text" in this sentence is:**1) The words of something written**
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "money" in this context is **1) The most common medium of exchange; functions as legal
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is **6) The people who live in a nation or country**.
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "term" in this context is **7) A limited period of time**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "range" in this context is **3) A variety of different things or activities.**Here
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "options" in this context is **2) One of a number of things from which only one
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "questions" in this context is **5) The subject matter at issue**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "upper limit" in this context is **2) The largest possible quantity**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "temperature" in the sentence is:**3) The degree of hotness or coldness of
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given sentence is **4) A movement upward**. Here's
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "lot" in the context of the sentence is **8) (often followed by `of')
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "flexibility" in the sentence is:**1) The quality of being adaptable or variable
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given sentence is **10) A particular course of action intended to achieve
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "Washington" in this context is **6) 1st President of the United States; commander
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "representative" in this context is:**3) A person who represents others**Here
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is **3) Writing that provides information (especially information of an official
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "negotiation" in this context is:**2) The activity or business of negotiating an
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "text" in this context is **1) The words of something written**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable definition of "climate" in this context is **2) The weather in some location averaged over some long period
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "official" in this context is **2) A worker who holds or is invested with an office
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "picture" in this context is **13) A visual representation (of an object or scene
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "outlines" in this context is **1) A schematic or preliminary plan**. Here
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "deal" in this context is **3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in this context is:**1) A substance that is emitted or released**
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this context is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "period" in the given sentence is:**2) An amount of time**
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:**6) The people who live in a nation or
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in this context is **1) A substance that is emitted or released**.
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is **6) The people who live in a nation or country**.
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this context is **1) A forceful consequence; a strong effect**.
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "flood" in the given sentence is **7) The rising of a body of water and its
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "drought" in this context is **2) A prolonged shortage**. Here's
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "sort" in this context is **4) An operation that segregates items into groups according to
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "week" in the sentence is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "climate" in this context is **2) The weather in some location averaged over some long period
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "envoy" in this context is:**3) Someone sent on a mission to represent the
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in this context is **19) A reduction in the amount or number**.
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in this context is:**1) A substance that is emitted or released**
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this context is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "move" in this context is **3) The act of changing location from one place to another
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "China" in this sentence is **3) A communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition is **2) The executive under President George W. Bush**. Here's why:
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "officials" in this sentence is **2) A worker who holds or is invested with an
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "deal" in this context is **3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "text" in this sentence is:**1) The words of something written**
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in this context is **19) A distinct selection of music from a recording or
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "observers" in this context is **3) An expert who observes and comments on something.**
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "comments" in this context is **2) A statement that expresses a personal opinion or belief or
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "hour" in this sentence is **1) Clock time**. Here's why:
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "America" in this context is **2) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable definition of "climate" in this sentence is **2) The weather in some location averaged over some long period
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "week" in this context is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "China" in this context is **3) A communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "world" in this sentence is **6) Everything that exists anywhere**. Here's
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "battle" in this context is **1) The act of fighting; any contest or struggle.**
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable definition of "economies" in this context is **2) The system of production and distribution and consumption.**
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "China" in this context is **3) A communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "obligations" in this context is **6) The state of being obligated to do or pay
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "nations" in this context is:**4) The people who live in a nation or
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "world" in this context is **6) Everything that exists anywhere**. Here's
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:**2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "imperative" in this sentence is **2) Some duty that is essential and urgent**.
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "costs" in this context is **1) The total spent for goods or services including money and
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is **6) The people who live in a nation or country**.
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "Central America" in the context of the sentence is:**2) The nations of Central
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:**6) The people who live in a nation or
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this context is **1) A forceful consequence; a strong effect**.
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "participants" in this context is:**1) Someone who takes part in an activity**
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "deal" in this context is **3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "members" in this context is:**1) One of the persons who compose a social
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "draft" in this context is **13) A preliminary sketch of a design or picture**.
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "proposal" in this sentence is:**1) Something proposed (such as a plan or
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "morning" in this sentence is **3) The first light of day**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition of "climate" in this context is **2) The weather in some location averaged over some long period
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "negotiations" in this context is **1) A discussion intended to produce an agreement.**
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "behalf" in this context is:**1) As the agent of or on someone
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in this context is **7) A force that compels**. Here's
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given sentence is **10) A particular course of action intended to achieve
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "action" in the context of the sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "China" in this context is **3) A communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "urgency" in the sentence is:**3) Pressing importance requiring speedy action**Here
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this context is:**6) A statement or assertion of verified information about
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:**3) An important question that is in dispute
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "deal" in this context is **3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "officials" in this context is **2) A worker who holds or is invested with an
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "minister" in this context is **2) A person appointed to a high office in the government
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "planes" in this context is **3) An aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "halls" in this context is **11) An interior passage or corridor onto which rooms
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in this context is **5) A large formal assembly**. Here's
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the facts
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition of "week" in this context is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "gathering" in this context is **5) A group of persons together in one place.**
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this context is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "day" in this context is **1) Time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The best definition for "shows" in this context is **3) The act of publicly exhibiting or entertaining**. Here
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is **2) A politically organized body of people under a single government
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "draft" in this context is **13) A preliminary sketch of a design or picture**.
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "proposals" in this context is **1) Something proposed (such as a plan or assumption)**
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "paper" in this context is **4) A daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in this context is **1) A demanding or stimulating situation.**Here's
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "intensity" in the sentence is **4) High level or degree; the property of being intense
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "ministers" in this context is **2) A person appointed to a high office in the
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "heavyweights" in the sentence "The heavyweights are coming" is **1) A person
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "Israel" in the sentence "Baskonia gives away a victory in Israel" is **1
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "losses" in this context is **3) The act of losing someone or something.**Here
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The best definition for "performance" in this context is **1) Any recognized accomplishment**. Here's why:
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "points" in this context is **17) A unit of counting in scoring a game or
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "top" in this context is **8) The highest point or degree attainable; the highest stage
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "group" in this context is **5) A set that is closed, associative, has an
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "absences" in this context is **2) Failure to be present**. Here'
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:**1) The act of sharing in the
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is:**7) The concluding parts of an event or
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "sidelines" in this context is **3) A line that marks the side boundary of
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "lot" in this context is **3) Any collection in its entirety**. Here'
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "triumph" in this sentence is **2) A successful ending of a struggle or contest.**
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "favor" in this sentence is **4) An advantage to the benefit of someone or something.**
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "baskets" in this sentence is **4) A container that is usually woven and has handles**.
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "perimeter" in this sentence is **1) A line enclosing a plane area.**Here'
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "speculation" in the given sentence is:**1) A hypothesis that has been formed
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "scorers" in this sentence is **3) A player who makes a score in a game
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "end" in the sentence is **7) The concluding parts of an event or occurrence**.
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "quarter" in this context is **10) One of four equal parts**. Here
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The best definition for "work" in this context is **1) A product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "whistles" in this context is **1) The act of signalling (e.g
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "return" in this context is **8) A coming to or returning home**. Here
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "home" in this context is **5) Housing that someone is living in**. Here
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "lead" in this context is **5) (sports) the score by which a team or
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "points" in this context is **17) A unit of counting in scoring a game or
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "points" in this context is **17) A unit of counting in scoring a game or
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "night" in the sentence is:**1) The time after sunset and before sunrise while
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the context of the sentence is:**2) The act of pressing;
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition of "role" in this sentence is:**1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this context is **4) A set of two similar things considered as a unit
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "plays" in this context is **3) A deliberate coordinated movement requiring dexterity and skill.**
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The best definition of "help" in this context is **3) A person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "lead" in this context is **5) (sports) the score by which a team or
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "end" in this context is **7) The concluding parts of an event or occurrence**.
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for "quarter" in this context is **10) One of four equal parts**. Here
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this context is **3) A particular point in time**. Here'
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "line" in the given sentence is **21) A formation of people or things one beside
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner.**
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **1) An instance or single occasion for some event**.
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "season" in this context is **6) A period of the year marked by special events or
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Wall Street" in that sentence is **3) A street in lower Manhattan where the New York
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "dollar" in the sentence "Wall Street closes without momentum, slowed by a strengthening dollar" is
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "heading" in this context is **2) A line of text serving to indicate what the passage
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "market" in this context is **4) The securities markets in the aggregate**. Here
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "indicators" in this context is **6) A number or ratio (a value on a scale
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "dollar" in this context is **2) The basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "figures" in this context is **11) An amount of money expressed numerically**.
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "predominance" in this context is:**2) The state of being predominant over
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "market" in the sentence is **6) The world of commercial activity where goods and services are
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "volumes" in this context is **5) A relative amount**. Here's why
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is **4) The actual state of things**. Here
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in the sentence is **10) The point in time at which something ends**.
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in the sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The best definition of "trend" in this context is **4) A general direction in which something tends to move**.
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition of "publication" in this context is **3) The communication of something to the public; making information
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "indicators" in this context is **6) A number or ratio (a value on a scale
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "market" in this context is **6) The world of commercial activity where goods and services are
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "relation" in this context is **4) (usually plural) mutual dealings or connections among persons
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition of "recovery" in this context is **2) Return to an original state**. Here'
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in this context is **2) An expert who studies financial data (on credit
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "month" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "row" in the given sentence is:**2) An arrangement of objects or people side
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "confidence" in this context is **5) A state of confident hopefulness that events will be
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "month" in this context is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "estimates" in this context is **4) An approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth**.
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "index" in this context is:**3) A number or ratio (a value on
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "indices" in this context is **3) A number or ratio (a value on a scale
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "rise" in this context is **4) A movement upward**. Here's why
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "dollar" in this context is **11) The basic unit of money in the United States
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "high" in this context is **8) A lofty level or position or degree.**Here
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in this context is **2) The act of pressing; the exertion of pressure**.
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this context is **3) A particular aspect of life or activity.**Here
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "situation" in this context is **2) The general state of things; the combination of circumstances
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "securities" in the given sentence is **6) A formal declaration that documents a fact
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the sentence "Technology securities have thereby lost some ground" is **12)
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "Treasury" in this context is **3) Negotiable debt obligations of the United States government which guarantees
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "bond" in this context is **10) A certificate or voucher acknowledging a debt; usually
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "yields" in this context is **3) Income (at invoice values) received for goods and
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this context is **1) The latter part of the day (the period of
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "bond" in this context is **10) A certificate or voucher acknowledging a debt; usually
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "yields" in this context is **3) Income (at invoice values) received for goods and
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this context is **1) The latter part of the day (the period of
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "deals" in the sentence "Iraqi Oil Ministry reaches deals with 10 foreign oil companies
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in the given sentence is **4) Something or someone that causes anxiety; a source
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "violence" in this context is **2) An act of aggression (as one against a person
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "instability" in the context of the sentence is:**1) A lack of balance
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "government" in this context is:**4) The organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "auctions" in this context is:**1) The public sale of something to the
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "deals" in this context is **3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "China" in this context is **3) A communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "Russia" in this context is **3) A federation in northeastern Europe and northern Asia; formerly
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "oil" in this context is **2) A dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons**.
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable definition of "role" in this context is:**1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The most suitable definition for "decades" in this context is **1) A period of 10 years**.
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "war" in this context is:**4) The waging of armed conflict against an
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable definition of "sanctions" in this context is **3) The act of final authorization**. Here
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is **11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "stakes" in this sentence is **5) (law) a right or legal share of something
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is **12) Extensive tract of level open land**.
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is **11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "auction" in the sentence is:**1) The public sale of something to the highest
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "bid" in the sentence "The only one that submitted a bid lost" is **4)
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is **1) An institution created to conduct business**. Here
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "deals" in the sentence "Two American companies reached deals for fields auctioned in June" is
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the sentence is **12) Extensive tract of level open land**.
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "representation" in the given sentence is:**3) The act of representing; standing in
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "oil" in this sentence is **2) A dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons**.
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "giants" in this context is **4) An unusually large enterprise**. Here'
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in this sentence is **1) Someone who is skilled at analyzing data**.
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in this context is:**1) A swinging or sliding barrier that will close
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "war" in this context is **4) The waging of armed conflict against an enemy.**
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is **1) An institution created to conduct business**. Here
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "editor" in this context is:**1) A person responsible for the editorial aspects of
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition for "news" in this context is **1) Information about recent and important events.**Here'
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable definition for "outlet" in this context is **4) An opening that permits escape or release.**Here
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "Concerns" in this context is **4) Something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "security" in the given sentence is **2) Measures taken as a precaution against theft or espionage
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "bombings" in this context is **2) An attack by dropping bombs**. Here
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "instability" in this context is **1) A lack of balance or state of disequilibrium
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "world" in this context is **6) Everything that exists anywhere**. Here's
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in this context is **1) Someone who is skilled at analyzing data**.
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is **1) A problem requiring investigation**. Here'
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "government" in this context is:**4) The organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "energy" in the given sentence is **7) Any source of usable power**. Here
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is **11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "deals" in this context is **3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at after discussion
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "ministry" in this context is **2) A government department under the direction of a minister
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "ties" in this context is **6) A social or business relationship**. Here'
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is **11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in this sentence is **2) A binding agreement between two or more persons that is
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "bid" in this context is **3) Make a serious effort to attain something**.
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in this sentence is **2) A binding agreement between two or more persons that is
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in this context is **1) An institution created to conduct business**. Here
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "stakes" in this context is **5) (law) a right or legal share of something
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in this sentence is **2) A binding agreement between two or more persons that is
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is **12) Extensive tract of level open land**.
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "China" in this context is **3) A communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "power" in the given sentence is **8) One possessing or exercising power or influence or authority
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "company" in this context is **1) An institution created to conduct business**. Here
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "par" in this sentence is **1) A state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "commitments" in this context is **4) An engagement by contract involving financial obligation.**
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Companies" in this context is **11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "bids" in this context is **4) A formal proposal to buy at a specified price.**
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "offers" in this context is **3) Something offered (as a proposal or bid)**.
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "barrel" in this context is **4) A cylindrical container that holds liquids**. Here
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "fee" in this context is **1) A fixed charge for a privilege or for professional services
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "ministry" in this context is **2) A government department under the direction of a minister
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "output" in the given sentence is:**2) What is produced in a given time
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this context is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "field" in the given sentence is:**2) Somewhere (away from a studio or
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is **1) A financial institution
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "state" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:**2) One
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "support" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is **11) Financial resources
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "state" in the given sentence is **8) In law; the territory within which power can
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "shackles" in this sentence is:**1) A restraint that confines or restricts freedom
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "support" in this context is **11) Financial resources provided to make some project possible.**
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "bank" in the given sentence is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "protection" in this context is **2) The condition of being protected**. Here'
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "fund" in this context is **4) A reserve of money set aside for some purpose.**
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "amount" in this sentence is **2) How much there is or how many there are of
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "broadcaster" in this context is **1) Someone who broadcasts on radio or television**.
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "state" in the context of the sentence is:**9) The territory occupied by one
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "support" in the context of the sentence is **11) Financial resources provided to make some
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "institutions" in this sentence is **5) An organization founded and united for a specific purpose.**
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "restrictions" in this context is **2) An act of limiting or restricting (as by regulation
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "acceptance" in the given sentence is:**4) (contract law) words signifying consent
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "money" in this sentence is **1) The most common medium of exchange; functions as legal
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "limits" in this context is **1) The greatest amount of something that is possible or allowed
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "manager" in this context is **1) One who supervises or has charge and direction of
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "bonuses" in this sentence is **2) An additional payment (or other remuneration) to
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "charges" in the given sentence is **3) The price charged for some article or service**.
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "loans" in this context is:**1) The temporary provision of money (usually at
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "rest" in the sentence is **4) Freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility)**
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "amount" in this sentence is **2) How much there is or how many there are of
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "sale" in this context is **6) An agreement (or contract) in which property is
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "Bank" in the given sentence is:**1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "bank" in the sentence is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "height" in the sentence is **3) Elevation especially above sea level or above the earth'
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "crisis" in that sentence is **2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty.**
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "investment" in the sentence is:**1) The act of investing; laying out money
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "bank" in the sentence is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "cash" in this context is **1) Money in the form of bills or coins**.
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "liabilities" in this context is **4) The state of being legally obliged and responsible**.
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "state" in the context of the sentence is:**7) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "bank" in the given sentence is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "capital" in the given sentence is:**6) Assets available for use in the production
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is **3) The amount by which something increases**. Here
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "circles" in this context is **6) An unofficial association of people or groups.**Here
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "support" in the sentence is **11) Financial resources provided to make some project possible.**
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Appeal" in the context of the sentence "Cheshire Appeal Will Point to Twitter" is:
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "rows" in the sentence "There were half a dozen of them typing away in the courtroom rows
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "testimony" in this sentence is **1) Something that serves as evidence**. Here
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "In the end" in this sentence is:**1) As the end result of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "defense" in this context is **13) The act of defending someone or something against attack
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "messages" in this context is **1) A written message addressed to a person or organization.**
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is **6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "rape" in this context is:**3) The crime of forcing a woman to submit
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is **2) A young person of either sex**. Here
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "beds" in this context is **3) A piece of furniture that provides a place to sleep
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "house" in this context is:**1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters for
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is **6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "members" in this context is:**1) One of the persons who compose a social
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "family" in this context is **3) Primary social group; parents and children**.
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in this sentence is **7) The concluding parts of an event or occurrence**.
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "judge" in this context is:**2) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "imposition" in this context is **2) The act of imposing something (as a tax
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "jury" in this sentence is:**2) A body of citizens sworn to give a
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "court" in the given sentence is:**5) A tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "filings" in this context is **2) The entering of a legal document into the public
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in this context is:**2) (law) a legal proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:**2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:**5) A tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is **6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is **7) The act of using**. Here's
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "circus" in this context is **1) A frenetic disorganized (and often comic) disturbance
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "atmosphere" in this context is **3) A particular environment or surrounding influence.**Here'
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "details" in this context is **2) An isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "jury" in this context is:**2) A body of citizens sworn to give a
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "passions" in this context is **4) A strong feeling or emotion**. Here
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the sentence is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the facts
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in this sentence is:**2) (law) a legal proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "judges" in the sentence is:**2) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "question" in this context is **5) The subject matter at issue**. Here'
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the sentence is **7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action**.
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is **6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable definition of "danger" in this context is **4) A source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "inclusion" in this context is **3) The act of including**. Here's
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is **1) A human being**. Here's why
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "rights" in this context is **7) An abstract idea of that which is due to a
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is **4) (civil law) the first pleading of the plaintiff
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "week" in this sentence is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is:**3) (law) all the means by which
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "jury" in this sentence is:**2) A body of citizens sworn to give a
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "passion" in this context is **4) A strong feeling or emotion**. Here'
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "last word" in the given sentence is **2) The final statement in a verbal argument.**
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the sentence "But that is not likely to be the last word on the issue
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "decades" in this sentence is **1) A period of 10 years**.
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in this sentence is **1) The extent to which something is covered**.
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the sentence is **18) A portable rectangular container for carrying clothes**.
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "questions" in this context is **5) The subject matter at issue**. Here'
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:**6) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "fairness" in the sentence is:**1) The quality of being just or fair
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "conviction" in this context is:**2) (criminal law) a final judgment
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "Cleveland" in this context is:**2) The largest city in Ohio; located in
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this context is:**3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for "carnival" in this context is **1) A frenetic disorganized (and often comic)
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "atmosphere" in this context is **3) A particular environment or surrounding influence.**Here'
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:**6) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this sentence is **2) (criminal law) an act punishable by law;
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The best definition for "inspiration" in this context is **5) Arousing to a particular emotion or action.**
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in this sentence is:**2) (criminal law) a final judgment
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "half" in this sentence is **1) One of two equal parts of a divisible whole.**
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The answer is **2) A period of 100 years**. Here's why:* The
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "argument" in this context is:**2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is **7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action**.
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "ways" in this context is **15) A way of doing something, especially a systematic
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here's
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in this context is **1) An explanation of the cause of some phenomenon.**
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "concern" in this context is **4) Something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this context is **1) A forceful consequence; a strong effect**.
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "trials" in this context is **8) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "Connecticut" in this context is:**3) A New England state; one of the
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in this context is **2) (law) a legal proceeding in which the
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "judges" in the sentence is:**2) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this context is **2) A personal view**. Here's why
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "communication" in the given sentence is:**1) Something that is communicated by or to
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "trials" in this context is **8) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is **3) An important question that is in dispute and must
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "execution" in the given sentence is **7) Putting a condemned person to death**.
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "Judge" in this sentence is:**2) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "reactions" in this context is **3) A response that reveals a person's feelings or
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "victims" in this context is:**1) An unfortunate person who suffers from some
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "judge" in this context is:**2) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in this context is **6) The state of demanding notice or attention.**Here
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this context is:**3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "jury" in this sentence is:**2) A body of citizens sworn to give a
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:**2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "effect" in this sentence is **6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in this sentence is **1) The extent to which something is covered**.
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is **6) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "interest" in the given sentence is **6) Something that interests you because it is important or
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in this context is **2) Questioning a statement and demanding an explanation**.
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable definition of "month" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here's
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "news" in this context is:**1) Information about recent and important events**
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "Connecticut" in this sentence is:**3) A New England state; one of the
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "election" in this context is **4) The act of selecting someone or something; the exercise
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for "campaign" in this context is **3) A race between candidates for elective office.**Here
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:**2) Someone who is considered for something (for
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in the sentence "They argued that the news media continually fanned the flames of emotion
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "courthouse" in this sentence is **2) A building that houses judicial courts.**Here
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "focus" in the sentence "Their focus on the Twitter coverage is controversial" is **4)
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in this sentence is **1) The extent to which something is covered**.
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in that sentence is:**1) The questioning of a person (or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "journalists" in this sentence is:**1) A writer for newspapers and magazines**
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "claim" in this context is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the facts
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "news" in this context is **1) Information about recent and important events.**Here'
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "view" in this context is:**8) A message expressing a belief about something;
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "court" in this context is **5) A tribunal that is presided over by a magistrate or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable definition of "coverage" in this sentence is **1) The extent to which something is covered**.
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "trials" in the context of the sentence is:**8) A comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:**2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "changes" in the sentence is **7) A different or fresh set of clothes**.
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable definition of "adaptation" in this context is:**3) The process of adapting to something (such
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:**5) A tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the sentence "Mr. Hayes's lawyers are pressing that claim" is:
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "filing" in this context is **2) The entering of a legal document into the public
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "Supreme Court" in this context is:**2) The highest federal court in the United
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this context is **3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration.**
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in this context is **2) (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is **6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable definition of "coverage" in this context is **1) The extent to which something is covered**.
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is **7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action**.
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here's
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable definition is **2) A period of 100 years**. Here's why:
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "fraud" in the context of the sentence "Sport and fraud law" is:**1
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "law" in the context of "Sport and fraud law" is:**4) The
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "tricks" in the given sentence is **6) A prank or trick played on a person (
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "will" in the sentence is **1) A fixed and persistent intent or purpose.**Here
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "expulsion" in this context is **4) The act of expelling or projecting or eject
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "ink" in this context is **2) A liquid used for printing or writing or drawing.**
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in this context is **3) (behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this sentence is **1) A unit of time equal to 60 seconds
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "end" in this sentence is **7) The concluding parts of an event or occurrence**.
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **7) A period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "referee" in this sentence is:**3) (sports) the chief official (
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is **3) How something is done or how it happens**.
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "group" in the given sentence is **8) Any number of entities (members) considered as
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "league" in this context is **3) An association of sports teams that organizes matches for its
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "phase" in the given sentence is **4) Any distinct time period in a sequence of events
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "committee" in this sentence is **2) A special group delegated to consider some matter.**
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "games" in the given sentence is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "trainer" in the sentence is:**4) (sports) someone in charge of training
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "team" in the given sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "amounts" in this context is **2) How much there is or how many there are of
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "provocation" in this context is **1) Something that incites or provokes; a
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable definition of "circumstances" in this sentence is:**2) The set of facts or circumstances that
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The best definition for "practice" in this context is **4) A customary way of operation or behavior**. Here
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "world" in this context is **6) Everything that exists anywhere**. Here's
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The best definition for "football" in this context is **2) A game played by two teams of 11 players
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the sentence is: **7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action**.
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "Part" in the given sentence is **2) One of the portions into which something is regarded
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable definition of "debate" in the given sentence is:**1) A discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here's
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The best definition for "fact" in this context is **2) A piece of information about circumstances that exist or events that
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is **1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**.
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "organization" in this context is **5) The persons (or committees or departments etc.) who
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "nobility" in this context is **1) The quality of elevation of mind and exaltation
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable definition of "honor" in this context is **3) The quality of being honorable and having a good name
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable definition for "acts" in this context is **8) Something done (usually as opposed to something said)**
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for "history" in this context is **7) A record or narrative description of past events**.
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "debate" in the given sentence is:**1) A discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in this context is **2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing.**
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in this sentence is **3) (behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "principles" in this context is **5) A basic truth or law or assumption**.
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable definition of "fraud" in this context is **2) Something intended to deceive; deliberate trickery intended to
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "regulation" in this context is **6) An authoritative rule**. Here's why
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "matter" in the sentence is **6) Some situation or event that is thought about**.
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is **2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing**.
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "damage" in the sentence is **5) The occurrence of a change for the worse.**
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is:**5) The vital principle or animating force within
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in this sentence is **2) Benefit resulting from some event or action.**Here
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is **1) Animation and energy in action or expression.**
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable definition of "integrity" in the context of the sentence is **1) An undivided or unbroken completeness or totality
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "aspect" in this sentence is **1) A distinct feature or element in a problem**.
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable definition of "danger" in the sentence is:**4) A source of danger; a possibility of
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in this sentence is **2) Benefit resulting from some event or action.**Here
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "takes advantage" in this context is **1) Draw advantages from**. Here's
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable definition of "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The best definition for "thing" in this context is **1) A separate and self-contained entity**. Here
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "action" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:**2) Directions that define the way a game
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "action" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable definition for "referee" in this context is **3) (sports) the chief official (as in
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "complaints" in this context is **2) An expression of grievance or resentment.**Here
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "question" in the given sentence is:**2) A sentence of inquiry that asks for
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in this context is **2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing**.
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in this sentence is **2) Benefit resulting from some event or action.**Here
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:**5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "situation" in the sentence is: **6) A condition or position in which you find yourself
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "benefit" in this context is **3) Something that aids or promotes well-being.**
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The best definition for "result" in this sentence is **3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "action" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable definition of "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is **7) A person who participates in or is skilled at some
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "strategy" in the sentence is **2) An elaborate and systematic plan of action**.
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "game" in the sentence is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in this sentence is **2) Benefit resulting from some event or action.**Here
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this sentence is:**6) A statement or assertion of verified information about
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "phase" in this sentence is **4) Any distinct time period in a sequence of events.**
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "Championship" in this sentence is **2) A competition at which a champion is chosen**.
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "participation" in this sentence is **2) The condition of sharing in common with others (as
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "term" in the given sentence is **7) A limited period of time**. Here
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in this sentence is **2) Benefit resulting from some event or action.**Here
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "degree" in the given sentence is **3) A position on a scale of intensity or amount
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "change" in the given sentence is **4) An event that occurs when something passes from one
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "action" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for "cycle" in the given sentence is **8) A periodically repeated sequence of events**.
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for "suspension" in the given sentence is:**2) A temporary debarment (from
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable definition for "accumulation" in this context is **3) Several things grouped together or considered as a whole.**
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable definition for "cycle" in the given sentence is **8) A periodically repeated sequence of events**.
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is **9) (often plural) a series of professional calls
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in the sentence is **2) Benefit resulting from some event or action.**Here
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is **5) The vital principle or animating force within living things
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is **2) One of the portions into which something is regarded
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "decisions" in this context is **3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration.**
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is **7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action**.
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "assumption" in the given sentence is:**1) A hypothesis that is taken for granted
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "application" in this context is **5) The work of applying something;**. Here
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here'
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "decision" in the sentence is:**3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "law" in the sentence is **4) The collection of rules imposed by authority**.
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable definition of "fraud" in this context is:**1) Intentional deception resulting in injury to another
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "occasion" in this sentence is **3) An opportunity to do something**. Here'
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here'
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "factors" in the given sentence is **8) Anything that contributes causally to a result.**
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "expulsions" in this context is **3) The act of forcing out someone or something.**
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence is **3) How something is done or how it happens**.
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "transmission" in this context is **6) The act of sending a message; causing a message
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable definition of "damage" in this sentence is **5) The occurrence of a change for the worse.**
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "principles" in this sentence is **5) A basic generalization that is accepted as true and that
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is **6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "possibility" in the given sentence is:**4) A possible alternative**Here'
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "types" in the given sentence is **2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing**.
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **4) The act of discovering something**. Here'
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the sentence is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "nutrients" in this context is:**1) Any substance that can be metabolized
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "scope" in this sentence is **2) An area in which something acts or operates or has
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "forms" in the given sentence is **14) A category of things distinguished by some common
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in the sentence is:**5) The 3rd planet from the sun
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is:**13) The organic phenomenon that distinguishes living
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "possibilities" in this context is **2) A future prospect or potential**. Here
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "elements" in this context is:**1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "organism" in the sentence "This organism has dual capability" is:**1) A
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "capability" in the sentence "This organism has dual capability" is **4) Inherent ability
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the sentence is **1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of the nitrogen
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the sentence is **2) A white powdered poisonous trioxide of arsenic;
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "form" in this context is **4) An arrangement of the elements in a composition or discourse
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is **13) The organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms from non
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable definition of "edition" in this context is **3) The form in which a text (especially a printed
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "journal" in this context is **1) A periodical dedicated to a particular subject**.
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the sentence is:**1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is:**13) The organic phenomenon that distinguishes living
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "carbon" in the sentence is:**1) An abundant nonmetallic tetravalent element occurring
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the sentence is:**1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in that sentence is:**1) A very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this sentence is:**1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable definition of "find" in this sentence is **2) The act of discovering something**. Here'
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "search" in this context is:**1) The activity of looking thoroughly in order to
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is **4) Living things collectively**. Here's why
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this context is **5) The 3rd planet from the sun; the
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is **4) Living things collectively**. Here's why
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is **4) Living things collectively**. Here's why
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is **9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in the sentence is:**5) The 3rd planet from the sun
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "details" in this context is **2) An isolated fact that is considered separately from the whole
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable definition of "find" in this context is **2) The act of discovering something**. Here'
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "speculation" in this context is:**1) A hypothesis that has been formed by
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **4) The act of discovering something**. Here'
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **2) Something that is discovered**. Here's
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "environments" in this context is:**2) The area in which something exists or lives
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "organisms" in this context is:**1) A living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "elements" in this context is:**1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "set" in this context is **17) A group of things of the same kind that
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "elements" in this context is:**1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is **13) The organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms from non
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable definition for "Space" in the context of the sentence is:**3) Any location outside the Earth
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable definition for "Sciences" in this context is:**1) A particular branch of scientific knowledge**
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "part" in the sentence "Cockell was not part of the research team" is **6
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "team" in the sentence is **1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**.
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "work" in this context is **8) The total output of a writer or artist (or
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "substitution" in this context is **2) An event in which one thing is substituted for
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "element" in this context is **1) Any of the more than 100 known
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "structure" in this context is **5) The manner of construction of something and the arrangement of
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in the sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery" is:**
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this context is **1) A position on a scale of intensity or amount or
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" in the sentence is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the sentence is:**1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" in the sentence is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is **4) (psychology) the aggregate of the responses or
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the sentence is **1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of the nitrogen
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "result" in the sentence is **3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "organisms" in the sentence is:**1) A living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "hard time" in the given sentence is **1) A difficulty that can be overcome with effort
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "elements" in this sentence is **1) Any of the more than 100 known
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the sentence is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this context is:**1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "concentrations" in this context is **5) The strength of a solution; number of molecules
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this sentence is:**1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The best definition for "possibility" in this context is **2) A future prospect or potential**. Here's
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this context is **6) The solid part of the earth's surface**.
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for "planet" in the given sentence is:**1) Any celestial body (other than comets
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "moon" in this context is **6) Any natural satellite of a planet**. Here
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this context is **2) A personal view**. Here's why
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this context is:**1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable definition of "example" in this context is **1) An occurrence of something**. Here's
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" in the sentence is **1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "times" in this sentence is **1) A more or less definite period of time now or
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in the sentence is:**6) The solid part of the earth's
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "ways" in this context is **15) A way of doing something, especially a systematic
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is **4) Living things collectively**. Here's why
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is **4) Living things collectively**. Here's why
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this context is **5) The 3rd planet from the sun; the
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "part" in this context is **2) One of the portions into which something is regarded as
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is **1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**.
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "routine" in the sentence "The democratic routine" is **1) An unvarying or habitual
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given sentence is **2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "backing" in this sentence is:**1) The act of providing approval and support**
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "Crime" in the sentence "Crime has become a bigger worry than unemployment" is **2)
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "worry" in the sentence is **1) A strong feeling of anxiety**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "Brazil" in the sentence is **1) The largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this sentence is:**1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "findings" in this context is **2) Something that is found**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "poll" in this context is:**1) An inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:**4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "poll" in this context is:**1) An inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in this context is **9) A relational difference between states; especially between states before
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "attitude" in the given sentence is **5) A complex mental state involving beliefs and feelings and
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is **4) Any attribute or quality considered as having its own existence
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is **3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "poll" in this context is:**1) An inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "mood" in the sentence is **2) The prevailing psychological state**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "second" in the sentence is:**2) Coming next after the first in position in
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "stability" in the sentence is:**2) The quality or attribute of being firm and
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "attitudes" in the given sentence is:**5) A complex mental state involving beliefs
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "institutions" in this context is **5) An organization founded and united for a specific purpose.**
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "Support" in this context is **2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests of**.
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:**4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "South America" in this context is:**2) The nations of the South American continent
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "table" in this context is **6) A set of data arranged in rows and columns.**
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given sentence is **2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "low" in this context is **2) A low level or position or degree**.
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable definition of "economy" in the sentence is **2) The system of production and distribution and consumption.**
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "drop" in the sentence is **3) A sudden sharp decrease in some quantity**.
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "output" in the sentence is:**2) What is produced in a given time period
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in the sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "half" in this sentence is:**1) One of two equal parts of a divisible
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is **1) Someone who responds**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "Brazil" in the context of the sentence is:**1) The largest Latin American country
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:**4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "democrats" in this context is **2) An advocate of democratic principles**. Here
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is **6) An intermediate scale value regarded as normal or usual.**
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for "chart" in this context is **2) A visual display of information**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is **1) Someone who responds**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:**2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable definition of "democracy" in this context is **3) A political system in which the supreme power lies in
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "figure" in this context is **14) A visual representation (of an object or scene
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is **3) The amount by which something increases**. Here
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable definition of "chart" in this context is **2) A visual display of information**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "confidence" in this context is **2) A feeling of trust (in someone or something)**
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:**2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "Congress" in this context is **3) A national legislative assembly**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "government" in this context is:**1) (government) the system or form by
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this sentence is **17) An occurrence of something**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "decade" in the sentence is:**1) A period of 10 years**
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "woes" in this sentence is **1) Misery resulting from affliction**. Here
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given sentence is **2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:**6) The people who live in a nation or
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "recession" in the sentence is:**5) The state of the economy declines;
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "recovery" in this sentence is **2) Return to an original state**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "safety net" in the given sentence is **1) A guarantee of professional or financial security.**
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "week" in this context is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in this context is **3) The quotient obtained when the magnitude of a part is
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "mood" in the sentence is **2) The prevailing psychological state**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:**4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:**4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "chart" in this context is **2) A visual display of information**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:**1) The largest Latin American country and the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:**6) The chief executive of a republic**
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "sense" in this context is **2) A general conscious awareness**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "progress" in this sentence is **3) Gradual improvement or growth or development.**Here
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "recession" in the sentence is:**5) The state of the economy declines;
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this sentence is **2) (criminal law) an act punishable by law;
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **1) An instance or single occasion for some event**.
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "polls" in this context is:**1) An inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is:**1) Someone who responds** Here
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "whole" in this sentence is **2) All of something including all its component elements or parts
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this context is **2) (criminal law) an act punishable by law;
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is **2) A source of difficulty**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:**3) The territory occupied by a nation**
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable definition for "chart" in this context is **2) A visual display of information**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "relative" in this context is:**1) A person related by blood or marriage**
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "victims" in this context is:**1) An unfortunate person who suffers from some
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this context is **2) (criminal law) an act punishable by law;
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "figure" in this context is **14) A visual representation (of an object or scene
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "support" in this context is **2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests of**.
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is:**1) Someone who responds** Here
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "development" in this context is:**1) A process in which something passes by degrees
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for "chart" in this context is **2) A visual display of information**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "system" in this context is **5) A complex of methods or rules governing behavior.**
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**3) The territory occupied by a nation**
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is **1) Someone who responds**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "view" in the given sentence is:**1) A way of regarding situations or topics
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is **6) The chief executive of a republic**. Here
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is **11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "Brazil" in this context is **1) The largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:**2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	The most suitable definition of "leadership" in this context is **1) The body of people who lead a group.**
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is:**1) Someone who responds** Here
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:**1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:**2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is **1) Someone who responds**. Here's
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "distinction" in this context is **3) High status importance owing to marked superiority.**
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "law" in the given sentence is:**4) The collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "court" in the given sentence is: **5) A tribunal that is presided over by a
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here'
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "day" in this context is **8) Some point or period in time**. Here
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "Supreme Court" in this sentence is:**2) The highest federal court in the United
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "question" in this context is **5) The subject matter at issue**. Here'
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is **4) The collection of rules imposed by authority**.
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this context is:**3) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this context is **4) A party of people assembled to have dinner together.**
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "case" in this context is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here's
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:**3) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is **4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "petitions" in this sentence is **2) A formal message requesting something that is submitted to
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "review" in this context is **4) A formal or official examination**. Here'
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here'
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "suit" in this context is **6) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "states" in this context is:**10) The group of people comprising the government
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "overhaul" in this context is **1) The act of improving by renewing and restoring.**
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "Congress" in this context is:**3) A national legislative assembly** Here
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is **2) Law enacted by a legislative body**. Here
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "rallying cry" in this context is **2) A slogan used to rally support for a
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this context is **3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "suit" in this context is **3) A petition or appeal made to a person of superior
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "hour" in this context is **1) Clock time**. Here's why:
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "argument" in this context is:**2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "March" in this context is **3) The act of marching; walking with regular steps (
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "race" in this context is **6) People who are believed to belong to the same genetic
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "swing" in this context is **2) A state of steady vigorous action that is characteristic of
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "time" in this context is **8) The continuum of experience in which events pass from the
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable definition for "court" in this context is **5) A tribunal that is presided over by a magistrate or
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this context is **3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration.**
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "court" in this context is **5) A tribunal that is presided over by a magistrate or
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is **4) The collection of rules imposed by authority**.
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this context is **5) The main meal of the day served in the evening
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this sentence is **5) The main meal of the day served in the evening
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is **4) The collection of rules imposed by authority**.
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "sponsor" in this context is **2) Someone who supports or champions something**. Here
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "giant" in this context is **4) An unusually large enterprise**. Here's
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "stake" in this context is **5) (law) a right or legal share of something
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this sentence is **5) The main meal of the day served in the evening
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "Washington" in this sentence is **6) 1st President of the United States; commander
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "hours" in this sentence is **1) Clock time**. Here's why:
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "court" in the given sentence is: **5) A tribunal that is presided over by a
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is **4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here'
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in this sentence is **3) The act of being present (at a meeting or
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "Senate" in that sentence is:**2) The upper house of the United States Congress
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this sentence is **1) Someone who offers opposition**. Here's
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "guests" in this sentence is:**1) A visitor to whom hospitality is extended**
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in the sentence is **5) The main meal of the day served in the evening
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this context is **3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "events" in the sentence is:**1) Something that happens at a given place and
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **1) A prolonged period of time**. Here'
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the sentence "And it's nothing that runs afoul of ethics rules"
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is **3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is **3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "code" in this context is **4) A set of rules or principles or laws (especially
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "judge" in this context is:**2) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "events" in this context is:**1) Something that happens at a given place and
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "organizations" in this context is **5) The persons (or committees or departments etc.) who
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "judge" in this context is:**2) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "speaker" in this context is:**4) A person who delivers a speech or oration
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "program" in this context is **2) A planned undertaking**. Here's why
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "event" in this context is:**1) Something that happens at a given place and
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "proximity" in this context is **1) The property of being close together**.
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in this context is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here's
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "company" in this context is **1) An institution created to conduct business**. Here
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "interest" in this context is **2) (law) a right or legal share of something
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "breach" in this context is **3) A failure to perform some promised act or obligation
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "indifference" in this context is **4) Unbiased impartial unconcern**.
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "code" in this context is **4) A set of rules or principles or laws (especially
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the facts
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this context is **3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "court" in this context is **5) A tribunal that is presided over by a magistrate or
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is **7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action**.
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is **1) The presiding officer of a deliberative assembly**.
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:**3) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "fundraiser" in this context is **2) A social function that is held for the purpose
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here's
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "court" in the given sentence is:**5) A tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "appearance" in this context is **2) Outward or visible aspect of a person or thing
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "assistance" in this sentence is **3) The activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "event" in the given sentence is:**1) Something that happens at a given place
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the facts
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "regard" in this context is **5) An attitude of admiration or esteem**. Here
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "business" in this sentence is **6) The activity of providing goods and services involving financial and
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "court" in the given sentence is:**5) A tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "groups" in this context is **5) A set that is closed, associative, has an
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "conservatives" in the sentence is **3) A political party (especially in Great Britain or
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "Justice" in this context is **3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought before a
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is **3) An important question that is in dispute and must
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "administration" in this context is **4) The act of governing; exercising authority.**Here
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is **4) The collection of rules imposed by authority**.
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "level" in this context is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) A problem requiring investigation**. Here's
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is **4) The collection of rules imposed by authority**.
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "indication" in the sentence "Kagan has given no indication she will do so" is **
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "familiarity" in the sentence is:**1) Usualness by virtue of being familiar
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in the sentence is **12) Either the left or right half of a body
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "today" in the sentence is **1) The day that includes the present moment (as opposed
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable definition is **2) The capital and largest city of Costa Rica**. The sentence clearly states the context
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "number one" in this context is **4) The first or highest in an ordering or series
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "record" in this context is **3) The sum of recognized accomplishments**. Here'
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "number" in the sentence is **2) How much there is or how many there are of
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable definition of "League" in this context is **3) An association of sports teams that organizes matches for its
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable definition of "league" in this context is **3) An association of sports teams that organizes matches for its
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "competitions" in this context is **3) An occasion on which a winner is selected from
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "experience" in the sentence is **3) The accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "experience" in this sentence is **3) The accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "area" in this sentence is **5) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "peak" in this sentence is **8) The highest point (of something)**.
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:**1) The soccer or hockey player assigned
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "London" in the sentence is:**3) The capital and largest city of England;
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "record" in this context is **4) Anything (such as a document or a phonograph
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:**1) The soccer or hockey player assigned
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this context is **9) A formal contest in which two or more persons or
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "today" in the sentence is **1) The day that includes the present moment (as opposed
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "record" in this context is **4) Anything (such as a document or a phonograph
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this context is **9) A formal contest in which two or more persons or
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "player" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this context is **9) A formal contest in which two or more persons or
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "week" in this sentence is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "player" in this context is **2) Someone who takes part in an activity**.
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable definition of "team" in this sentence is:**1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)**
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this context is **9) A formal contest in which two or more persons or
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "striker" in this context is:**1) A forward on a soccer team**
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "number" in the sentence is **2) How much there is or how many there are of
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "games" in the sentence is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is **12) Either the left or right half of a body
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this context is **9) A formal contest in which two or more persons or
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "striker" in this context is **1) A forward on a soccer team**. Here
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this context is **9) A formal contest in which two or more persons or
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is **12) Either the left or right half of a body
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "presences" in this context is **2) The act of being present**. Here
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "rest" in the sentence "The rest doesn't come near the 20"
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is **10) A contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "scorer" in this context is **3) A player who makes a score in a game
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "goals" in this context is **2) A successful attempt at scoring**. Here'
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "points" in this context is **17) A unit of counting in scoring a game or
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "burden" in the sentence "Is immigration a burden or an opportunity for the economy?" is **
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "economy" in the sentence "Is immigration a burden or an opportunity for the economy?" is **
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable definition of "Immigration" in the given sentence is:**2) Migration into a place (especially migration
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "aspects" in this sentence is **1) A distinct feature or element in a problem.**
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "congestion" in the context of the sentence is **2) Excessive crowding**. Here
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "numbers" in the given sentence is **2) How much there is or how many there are
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "compatibility" in this context is **1) Capability of existing or performing in harmonious or congenial combination
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this sentence is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable definition of "status" in this sentence is **1) The relative position or standing of things or especially persons
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**3) The territory occupied by a nation**
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**3) The territory occupied by a nation**
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable definition of "harassment" in this context is **1) The act of intimidating a weaker person to make
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is **1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.**
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "France" in this context is **1) A republic in western Europe; the largest country wholly
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "talent" in this context is **2) A person who possesses unusual innate ability in some field
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "waiters" in this context is:**1) A person whose occupation is to serve
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "viewpoint" in this sentence is **2) A mental position from which things are viewed**.
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "lot" in the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the Left and the Right on
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "Left" in the context of the sentence is:**4) Those who support varying degrees
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the context of the sentence is **4) Those who support political or social or
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "subject" in the given sentence is:**4) (grammar) one of the two
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Right" in this context is **4) Those who support political or social or economic conservatism;
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "tone" in this context is **8) The general atmosphere of a place or situation and the
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is **2) A source of difficulty**. Here's
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is **3) The territory occupied by a nation**. Here
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is **4) A person who works at a specific occupation.**
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "Left" in this context is **4) Those who support varying degrees of social or political or
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "France" in this context is **1) A republic in western Europe; the largest country wholly
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "misery" in this context is **1) A state of ill-being due to affliction
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "difference" in the sentence "The only difference, the degree of generosity" is:**
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "degree" in the sentence "The only difference, the degree of generosity" is:**
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "generosity" in the sentence "The only difference, the degree of generosity" is **2
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "fear" in the given sentence is:**1) An emotion experienced in anticipation of some
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable definition of "invasion" in this context is **3) Any entry into an area not previously occupied.**
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "territory" in this context is **1) The geographical area under the jurisdiction of a sovereign state
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "hordes" in this context is **2) A vast multitude**. Here's
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "Left" in this context is **4) Those who support varying degrees of social or political or
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given sentence is **4) Those who support political or social or economic conservatism
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "sides" in the given sentence is **2) One of two or more contesting groups**.
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "burden" in this sentence is **3) Weight to be borne or conveyed**. Here
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "economy" in this sentence is **2) The system of production and distribution and consumption.**
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "society" in this context is:**1) An extended social group having a distinctive cultural
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:**1) A variation that deviates from the
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "degree" in the sentence is:**3) A position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "generosity" in this sentence is **2) The trait of being willing to give your money
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is **2) A planned undertaking**. Here's
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is **2) A source of difficulty**. Here's
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:**1) An abstract or general idea inferred
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this sentence is **3) Weight to be borne or conveyed**. Here
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this sentence is **2) A source of difficulty**. Here's
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "book" in this context is **7) A written work or composition that has been published (
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable definition of "immigration" in this context is **2) Migration into a place (especially migration to a country
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "people" in this context is **3) (plural) any group of human beings (men
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "migration" in this context is:**2) The movement of persons from one country or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "future" in this context is **2) The time yet to come**. Here'
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "specialists" in this context is **2) An expert who is devoted to one occupation or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable definition of "impact" in this context is **1) A forceful consequence; a strong effect**.
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable definition for "migration" in this context is:**2) The movement of persons from one country or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable definition for "flows" in this context is **8) Any uninterrupted stream or discharge**. Here'
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable definition of "employment" in this context is **2) The state of being employed or having a job**.
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:**3) The territory occupied by a nation**
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "immigration" in the sentence is **2) Migration into a place (especially migration to a country
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the sentence "Restraining immigration leads to anaemic growth and harms employment"
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "employment" in the sentence is:**2) The state of being employed or having a
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "Fears" in this sentence is **2) An anxious feeling**. Here's
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this sentence is **1) A forceful consequence; a strong effect**.
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "notion" in this context is:**1) An abstract or general idea inferred or
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is **4) A person who works at a specific occupation.**
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in this sentence is **2) The act of pressing; the exertion of pressure**.
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "experience" in this sentence is **3) The accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "replacements" in this context is:**1) A person or thing that takes or
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:**3) Productive work (especially physical work done
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "trades" in the given sentence is:**3) People who perform a particular kind of
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "shortage" in this context is **3) An acute insufficiency**. Here's
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:**3) Productive work (especially physical work done
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this sentence is **3) A particular aspect of life or activity.**Here
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is **3) Productive work (especially physical work done for wages
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is **1) A single person or thing**. Here'
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this sentence is **3) A particular aspect of life or activity.**Here
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "training" in the given sentence is:**2) The activities of educating or instructing;
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "offers" in this context is **3) Something offered (as a proposal or bid)**.
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "employment" in the given sentence is:**2) The state of being employed or having
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the sentence "A positive effect on wages" is **6) A phenomenon that
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is **15) A way of doing something, especially a systematic
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable definition of "shortage" in this context is **3) An acute insufficiency**. Here's
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "complementarities" in this context is:**1) The interrelation of reciprocity whereby one
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "arrival" in this context is **3) The act of arriving at a certain place.**
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable definition of "effect" in this sentence is **6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "rise" in this context is **4) A movement upward**. Here's why
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "flow" in the sentence is **8) Any uninterrupted stream or discharge**. Here'
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is **3) The amount by which something increases**. Here
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this context is **6) A statement or assertion of verified information about something that
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "diversity" in this context is **3) Noticeable heterogeneity**. Here's why
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "creation" in this context is **3) The act of starting something for the first time;
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "ideas" in this context is **3) The content of cognition; the main thing you are
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in this context is **3) The quotient obtained when the magnitude of a part is
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is **2) Of or relating to the United States of America or
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "winners" in this context is **3) A person with a record of successes.**Here
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable definition for "Yahoo" in this context is **1) A widely used search engine for the web that finds
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "contributors" in this context is **2) Someone who contributes (or promises to contribute) a
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "budgets" in this sentence is **1) A sum of money allocated for a particular purpose
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "Labor" in this context is **3) Productive work (especially physical work done for wages)**
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "Organisation" in this context is **4) The persons (or committees or departments etc.) who
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is **2) A time of life (usually defined in years)
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "contribution" in this context is **1) The part played by a person in bringing about a
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	The most suitable definition for "receipts" in this context is **2) The act of receiving**. Here'
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable definition for "expenditure" in this context is **3) Money paid out; an amount spent**.
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is **4) An average of n numbers computed by adding some function
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable definition for "budgets" in this context is **1) A sum of money allocated for a particular purpose
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "mandate" in the given sentence is:**2) The commission that is given to
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given sentence is **21) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence is **7) A progression from simpler to more complex
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "question" in this sentence is **2) A sentence of inquiry that asks for a reply**.
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "effect" in this sentence is **6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "pound" in the sentence "Deutsche Bank pays multi-million pound fine" is **8)
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "USA" in the sentence is:**2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "trouble" in this context is **1) A source of difficulty**. Here's
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "uproar" in this context is **1) A state of commotion and noise and confusion
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "pound" in the given sentence is **8) The basic unit of money in Great Britain and
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "USA" in this context is:**2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "problems" in this context is **2) A source of difficulty**. Here's
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "home" in this context is **5) Housing that someone is living in**. Here
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "industry" in this context is:**1) The people or companies engaged in a particular
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "giant" in this context is **2) A person of exceptional importance and reputation.**Here
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "USA" in this context is:**2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in this context is **11) The basic unit of money in the United States
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "disputes" in this context is **2) A disagreement or argument about something important.**
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable definition of "bankruptcy" in this context is:**1) Inability to discharge all your debts
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the sentence "The issue centres on the sale of mortgage securities" is **3
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "sale" in the sentence "The issue centres on the sale of mortgage securities" is **6
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in this context is:**5) An official responsible for control and supervision of
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "string" in the given sentence is **4) A sequentially ordered set of things or events or
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this context is:**1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "promises" in this context is:**1) A verbal commitment by one person to another
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "value" in the sentence is **4) The quality (positive or negative) that renders something
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:**1) Property that your creditor can
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "crisis" in that sentence is **2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty.**
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in this context is **3) An important question that is in dispute and must be
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "New York" in this sentence is:**4) The largest city in New York State
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "bank" in the sentence is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "settlement" in the given sentence is **7) A conclusive resolution of a matter and disposition of
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the sentence is **2) The basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "responsiveness" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Responsive to stimulation**
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this context is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "bankruptcies" in this context is:**1) Inability to discharge all your
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "deposits" in the given sentence is **11) Money deposited in a bank or some
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:**4) Something (such as money) given
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "billions" in the sentence is **1) A very large indefinite number (usually hyperbole
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "settlements" in the sentence "The current settlements are the first of their kind" is **
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in this context is: **5) An official responsible for control and supervision of a
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this context is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "summer" in the sentence is:**1) The warmest season of the year; in
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable definition of "fate" in this context is **2) An event (or a course of events) that
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "number" in the sentence is **2) How much there is or how many there are of
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is **11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "height" in the sentence is **3) Elevation especially above sea level or above the earth'
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "crisis" in this sentence is **2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty.**
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the sentence "The banks battling against a strong wind in the USA several years later
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "wind" in the sentence "The banks battling against a strong wind in the USA several years later
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "USA" in the sentence is:**2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is **5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "regulators" in the given sentence is:**5) An official responsible for control and
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "number" in the sentence is **2) How much there is or how many there are of
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:**5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "compensation" in this context is:**4) Something (such as money) given or
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "misconduct" in this context is **1) Activity that transgresses moral or civil law**.
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "wave" in the context of the sentence is **6) A movement like that of a sudden
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is **5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this sentence is:**1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in this sentence is **11) The basic unit of money in the United States
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "value" in this context is **5) A numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed**.
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in this context is **11) The basic unit of money in the United States
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in the given sentence is: **5) An official responsible for control and supervision of
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "bank" in the given sentence is **1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "responsibility" in this context is **2) A form of trustworthiness; the trait of being answer
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "sum" in this context is **4) The whole amount**. Here's why
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:**5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "intention" in the sentence is:**1) An anticipated outcome that is intended or that
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:**5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is **3) Writing that provides information (especially information of an official
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "public" in this context is **1) Not private; open to or concerning the people as
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "Assessment" in this context is **3) An appraisal of the value of something**.
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Report" in this context is:**3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "explains" in this sentence is **3) Make plain and comprehensible.**Here'
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this sentence is **2) A special group delegated to consider some matter.**
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "Products" in this context is **7) Commodities offered for sale**. Here's
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "Human" in this context is **3) Relating to a person**. Here's
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "Use" in this context is **4) What something is used for**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "assessed" in this context is **3) Evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "performed" in this context is:**1) Carry out or perform an action**
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "reach" in this context is **2) Reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.**
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this context is:**1) Something (as a course of action)
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:**6) (medicine) something that treats or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "need" in this context is **2) Have or feel a need for**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **1) (comparative of `many' used with count
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "information" in this context is **2) Knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction.**
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "medical" in this context is **1) Relating to the study or practice of medicine**.
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "condition" in the given sentence is:**4) An illness, disease, or other
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "read" in this context is **3) Interpret something that is written or printed**.
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "leaflet" in this context is:**1) A small book usually having a paper cover
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is **2) One of the portions into which something is regarded
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable definition for "contact" in this sentence is **2) Be in or establish communication with**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable definition for "doctor" in this context is:**1) A licensed medical practitioner** This
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in this context is **4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly**.
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **1) (comparative of `many' used with count
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "information" in this context is **2) Knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction.**
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "basis" in this context is **3) The fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this context is:**1) Something (as a course of action)
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "read" in this context is **3) Interpret something that is written or printed**.
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "Discussion" in this context is **2) An extended communication (often interactive) dealing with some
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "part" in the context of the sentence is:**2) One of the portions into
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "powder" in the sentence is:**1) A solid substance in the form of tiny
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "solution" in this context is **2) A homogeneous mixture of two or more substances; frequently
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "infusion" in the sentence is:**3) (medicine) the passive introduction of
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "drip" in this context is **2) Let or cause to fall in drops**.
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "vein" in the sentence is **4) A blood vessel that carries blood from the capillaries toward
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "contains" in the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrexed" is:
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "active" in the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrexed" is **3
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "substance" in the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrexed" is:
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "What is Alimta used for?" is **
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "treat" in this context is **7) Subject to a process or treatment, with the aim
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "types" in this context is **2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing**.
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "lining" in this context is **3) A protective covering that protects an inside surface.**
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable definition for "caused" in this sentence is:**1) Cause to happen, occur or exist**
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is **6) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or alle
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this context is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "removed" in this context is **1) Dispose of**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "surgery" in this context is:**4) A medical procedure involving an incision with instruments
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "alone" in this context is **4) Exclusive of anyone or anything else**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "spread" in this context is **8) Become widely known and passed on**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "likely" in this context is **2) Has a good chance of being the case or of
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for "spread" in this context is **8) Become widely known and passed on**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "easily" in this context is **2) Indicating high probability; in all likelihood.**
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "parts" in the given sentence is **2) One of the portions into which something is regarded
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The most suitable definition for "body" in the given sentence is **13) An individual 3-dimensional object that
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is **1) A person who requires medical care**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable definition for "medicines" in this context is **6) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this context is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable definition for "advanced" in this context is **6) Comparatively late in a course of development**.
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the context of the sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in this context is **3) Act physically on; have an effect upon**.
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is **1) A person who requires medical care**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "treated" in this context is **7) Subject to a process or treatment, with the aim
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is **1) A person who requires medical care**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "type" in this context is **2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing**.
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "past" in this sentence is **1) The time that has elapsed**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a prescription" is:
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "only" in the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a prescription" is **7
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "obtained" in the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a prescription" is **2
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "prescription" in the given sentence is:**3) Written instructions from a physician or dentist
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "How is Alimta used?" is **7
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "only" in the sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is **7) Allow to have or take**.
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "doctor" in this context is:**1) A licensed medical practitioner** This
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is **7) The act of using**. Here's
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "dose" in this context is:**5) The quantity of an active agent (substance
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "mg" in the sentence is:**2) One millionth (1/1,
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "body" in the given sentence is **13) An individual 3-dimensional object that
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "calculated" in this sentence is **2) Make a mathematical calculation or computation**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "patient" in this sentence is:**1) A person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable definition for "height" in this sentence is:**3) Elevation especially above sea level or above the
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable definition for "weight" in the sentence is:**4) The property of a body that causes it
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in the sentence "It is given once every three weeks as an intravenous infusion lasting
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is **2) On one occasion**. Here's why
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "every" in this sentence is **1) Each and all of a series of entities or intervals
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "weeks" in this sentence is **1) Any period of seven consecutive days**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:**3) (medicine) the passive introduction
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "lasting" in this sentence is:**1) Persist for a specified period of time
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this context is **1) A unit of time equal to 60 seconds
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "reduce" in the given sentence is **11) Cut down on; make a reduction in
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "side effects" in this context is:**1) A secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:**1) A person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "type" in this context is **2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing**.
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "injections" in this context is:**1) The act of putting a liquid into
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in this context is **7) Allow to have or take**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is **6) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or alle
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this sentence is:**2) Stop (someone or something) from doing
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "fluids" in this context is **2) Continuous amorphous matter that tends to flow and to
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this sentence is:**2) Stop (someone or something) from doing
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "dehydration" in this context is:**2) Depletion of bodily fluids**
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "given" in this context is **7) Allow to have or take**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "before" in this sentence is **3) Earlier in time; previously**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "after" in this sentence is **1) Happening at a time subsequent to a reference time.**
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "dose" in this context is **5) The quantity of an active agent (substance or radiation
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "delayed" in this context is **2) Hold back to a later time**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "discontinued" in this context is **2) Put an end to a state or an activity
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "dose" in this context is:**5) The quantity of an active agent (substance
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "reduced" in the context of the sentence is **11) Cut down on; make a
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **1) A person who requires medical care**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition is **2) The number of red and white corpuscles in a blood sample**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "abnormal" in this context is **2) Not normal; not typical or usual or regular
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is **19) Have as a feature**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this context is **1) Definite but not specified or identified.**Here
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable definition for "side effects" in this context is:**1) A secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in the sentence is **4) What something is used for**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "moderate" in this context is **3) Being within reasonable or average limits; not excessive or
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "severe" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Very bad in degree or
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "problems" in this context is **3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolved.**
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **1) (comparative of `many' used with count
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "information" in this context is **2) Knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction.**
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is **13) See or watch**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "Product" in this context is:**1) An artifact that has been created by someone
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:**2) One of the portions into which something
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "active" in the context of the sentence is **3) (used of verbs (e.
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "substance" in this context is:**4) The real physical matter of which a person
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:**6) (medicine) something that treats or
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:**6) (medicine) something that treats or
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "kills" in this context is **1) Cause to die; put to death, usually intentionally
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the context of the sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "dividing" in this context is **5) Separate into parts or portions**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "body" in the given sentence is:**16) The entire structure of an organism
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "converted" in this context is **9) Change in nature, purpose, or function; undergo
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "active" in the given sentence is **3) (used of verbs (e.g.
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given sentence is **12) A particular mode in which something is manifested
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "blocks" in this context is **7) Hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of**.
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this sentence is **1) Connected by participation or association or use**.
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "producing" in this context is **8) Bring forth or yield**. Here's
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable definition for "building blocks" in this context is **1) A single undivided natural thing occurring in the composition
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is **4) Of or relating to or produced by or being a
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable definition for "material" in this sentence is **3) The tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Alimta been studied?" is **
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "studied" in this context is **3) Consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "main" in this context is **3) Most important element**. Here's why
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable definition for "before" in this sentence is **3) Earlier in time; previously**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "effects" in this sentence is **6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is **3) Examine and note the similarities or differences of**.
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "cell" in this context is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "effects" in this context is **6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is **3) Examine and note the similarities or differences of**.
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is **6) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or alle
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this context is **3) Engage as a participant**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "locally" in this sentence is **1) By a particular locality**. Here's
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "advanced" in this context is **6) Comparatively late in a course of development**.
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is **1) The time that has elapsed**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:**3) Examine and note the similarities or differences of
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:**6) (medicine) something that treats or prevents
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this context is **3) Engage as a participant**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable definition for "past" in this sentence is:**1) The time that has elapsed**
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "main" in this sentence is **3) Most important element**. Here's why
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:**3) A basis for comparison; a reference
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	The most suitable definition for "long" in this sentence is **1) For an extended time or at a distant time.**
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:**1) A person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for "survived" in this context is:**2) Continue in existence after (an adversity
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "benefit" in the context of the sentence is:**3) Something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence is **5) Provide evidence for**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the context of the sentence is **1) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this sentence is **2) Become bigger or greater in amount**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "survival" in the sentence is:**1) A state of surviving; remaining alive**
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of patients with malignant pleural mes
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "patients" in the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of patients with malignant pleural mes
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "Patients" in this sentence is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "survived" in this context is **2) Continue in existence after (an adversity, etc
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is **1) The sum of the values of a random variable divided
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is **3) Examine and note the similarities or differences of**.
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **1) A person who requires medical care**. Here
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the sentence is:**5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "effective" in this context is **4) Able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively.**
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "past" in this sentence is **1) The time that has elapsed**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is **2) Relating to or constituting the most frequent value in a
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable definition for "survival" in this context is:**1) A state of surviving; remaining alive**
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "time" in this context is **8) The continuum of experience in which events pass from the
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is **2) Be comparable**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "past" in this sentence is **1) The time that has elapsed**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is **2) Relating to or constituting the most frequent value in a
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "survival" in this context is:**1) A state of surviving; remaining alive**
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **8) The continuum of experience in which events pass from the
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is **1) A time unit of approximately 30 days**.
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "groups" in this context is **8) Any number of entities (members) considered as a
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "However" in this sentence is **3) By contrast; on the other hand**.
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this context is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in this context is **3) Act physically on; have an effect upon**.
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "longer" in this context is **6) Primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively great
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "survival" in this context is **1) A state of surviving; remaining alive**.
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "times" in this context is **5) A grammatical category of verbs used to express distinctions of
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "contrast" in the given sentence is:**4) The opposition or dissimilarity of things
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is **2) The semantic role of an entity that is not the
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in this context is:**3) Act physically on; have an effect
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "shorter" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Primarily temporal sense;
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "survival" in this context is:**1) A state of surviving; remaining alive**
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "times" in this sentence is **1) An instance or single occasion for some event**.
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "mathematical" in the sentence is:**1) Of or pertaining to or of the nature
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "based" in this context is **1) Use as a basis for; found on**.
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "capable" in the sentence is **4) (usually followed by `of') having capacity or
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The best definition for "make" in this context is **12) Create or manufacture a man-made product**.
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The best definition for "simple" in this context is **7) Easy and not involved or complicated**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "operations" in the given sentence is **4) (mathematics) calculation by mathematical methods**.
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The best definition for "3D" in this context is:**2) Having a three-dimensional form or appearance
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "actually" in the sentence is **3) In actual fact**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in the sentence is **4) Absolutely essential**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is:**5) Be cognizant or aware of a
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The best definition for "use" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a particular
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "now" in the sentence is **2) At the present moment**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "used" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given sentence is **3) (quantifier used with mass nouns) small
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "mathematical" in the sentence is:**1) Of or pertaining to or of the nature
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" is **
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "main" in the sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" is **
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "window" in the sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" is:
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "main" in the sentence "kalgebra main window" is **3) Most important element**.
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "window" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:**1) A
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "main" in this sentence is **3) Most important element**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "window" in the sentence is **2) (computer science) a rectangular part of a computer
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "consists" in this context is **2) Be composed of**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "Console" in the context of the sentence is **7) A scientific instrument consisting of displays and
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "3D" in the sentence is:**2) Having a three-dimensional form or
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "Below" in the sentence is:**4) In or to a place that is lower
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "find" in the context of the sentence is **17) Perceive or be contemporaneous with
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "input" in the sentence is **3) Signal going into an electronic system.**Here'
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is:**1) Identify as belonging to a certain type**
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "functions" in the given sentence is:**5) The actions and activities assigned to or
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "do" in the sentence is **11) Carry out or perform an action**.
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "calculations" in this context is:**2) The procedure of calculating; determining something by
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in the given sentence is **4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The best definition for "understand" in this context is **4) Know and comprehend the nature or meaning of**.
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The best definition for "works" in the given sentence is **14) Have an effect or outcome; often the one
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "best" in this context is **1) (superlative of `good') having the most
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The best definition for "thing" in this context is **1) A separate and self-contained entity**. Here
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "do" in the given sentence is **11) Carry out or perform an action**.
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The best definition for "realize" in this context is **3) Make real or concrete; give reality or substance to
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "input" in this context is **3) Signal going into an electronic system**. Here
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The best definition for "converted" in this context is **2) Change the nature, purpose, or function of something.**
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in the context of the sentence is **4) Absolutely essential**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The best definition for "know" in this context is **5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "based" in the sentence is:**1) Use as a basis for; found on
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "hard" in the context of the sentence is:**6) Not easy; requiring great
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "closely" in the sentence is **1) In an attentive manner**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "look" in the sentence "I've looked closely to maxima and maple's syntax so
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "very" in the sentence is **2) Used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "similar" in the sentence "I've looked closely to maxima and maple's syntax so
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "Addition" in the context of the sentence is:**5) The arithmetic operation of summing
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "subtraction" in that sentence is:**2) An arithmetic operation in which the difference
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "multiplication" in the context of the sentence is:**3) An arithmetic operation that is
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "division" in the context of the sentence is:**6) One of the portions into
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "Power" in the sentence "Power, you can use them both" is **8) One
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "use" in the sentence "Power, you can use them both" is **7) Put
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "possible" in the sentence is **2) Capable of happening or existing**. Here
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in the sentence "Also it is possible to use the unicode ² characters" is **
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "powers" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is **8)
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is **15
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "roots" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is **3)
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "too" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is **1)
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the context of the sentence is **15) A way of doing something,
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "specify" in the context of the sentence is:**3) Define clearly**
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "variable" in the context of the sentence is:**1) A symbol (like x
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "function" in the context of the sentence is:**1) (mathematics) a mathematical
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the context of the sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "specify" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Decide upon or fix definitely
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "higher" in the context of the sentence is **2) Standing above others in quality or position
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "priority" in the given sentence is:**4) Status established in order of importance or
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "finds" in this context is **7) Find out, learn, or determine with certainty,
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "function" in the context of the sentence is:**5) The actions and activities assigned
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "checks" in this context is **4) Examine so as to determine accuracy, quality, or
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "operator" in this context is **6) (mathematics) a symbol or function representing a mathematical
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "treated" in this context is **4) Regard or consider in a specific way**.
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "operator" in the context of the sentence is:**4) An agent that operates some
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "treated" in this context is **4) Regard or consider in a specific way**.
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "user" in the context of the sentence is:**3) A person who makes use
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "function" in the sentence is **5) The actions and activities assigned to or required or expected
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the sentence "It is used to define a variable value" is **7)
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "define" in the sentence "It is used to define a variable value" is:**
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "value" in the context of the sentence is: **5) A numerical quantity measured or assigned
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The best definition for "way" in this context is **15) A way of doing something, especially a systematic way
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "define" in this context is **2) Give a definition for the meaning of a word.**
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "conditional" in the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can define conditional operations in kalgebra
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The best definition for "operations" in the context of the sentence is:**5) Process or manner of functioning or
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The best definition for "introduce" in the context of the sentence is **1) Bring something new to an environment**.
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in the context of the sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "true" in the context of the sentence is **11) Consistent with fact or reality;
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "finds" in the context of the sentence is **7) Find out, learn, or determine
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable definition of "instance" in this context is **1) An occurrence of something**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the context of "It can be used to define a container" is **7
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "define" in the context of the sentence "It can be used to define a container" is
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "useful" in the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piecewise" is:**2)
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "working" in the context of the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piecewise" is **2
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "Now" in the sentence is:**2) At the present moment** Here
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "ask" in the given sentence is:**4) Address a question to and expect an
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "user" in the context of the sentence is:**3) A person who makes use
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "easy" in the given sentence is:**5) Posing no difficulty; requiring little
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "functions" in the sentence is:**1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such that
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "cos()" is:**3) Function of an angle expressed as a ratio of the length
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The correct definition for "sin()" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Ratio of the length of the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable definition for "sum" in the sentence is:**3) The arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable definition for "product" in the context of the sentence is:**5) A quantity obtained by multiplication
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The best definition for "use" in the context of the sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "plus()" in the sentence is **2) The arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum of
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "times()" in the context of the sentence is:**2) An arithmetic operation that is
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "has" in the context of the sentence is **7) Have or possess, either in a
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "operator" in the context of the sentence is:**6) (mathematics) a symbol
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "useful" in the sentence "Kalgebra's console is useful as a calculator" is **
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "There" in the sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables" is **2
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "have" in the sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables" is **7
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "list" in the sentence is **4) A database containing an ordered array of items (names
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "variables" in the sentence is:**3) A quantity that can assume any of a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is **13) See or watch**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "lets" in this context is **1) Make it possible through a specific action or lack of
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "change" in the given sentence is:**2) Become different in some particular way,
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable definition for "values" in this context is **5) A numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed**.
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "just" in the sentence is **5) Exactly at this moment or the moment described;**.
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence is **15) A way of doing something, especially a systematic
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable definition for "log" in this context is **5) A written record of messages sent or received**.
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:**1) An instance or single occasion for some
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "expression" in the given sentence is **7) An expression consisting of one or more words forming
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "variable" in the given sentence is:**3) A quantity that can assume any of
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "value" in this context is **5) A numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed**.
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable definition for "changed" in the given sentence is:**3) Cause to change; make different;
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:**3) Coming after all others in time or
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "result" in this context is **3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "New" in the context of "Ctrl N New Window" is **7) Not of long
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "Window" in the context of the sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:**2
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "log" in the sentence "Flushes the log" is **8) The main stem of
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "Load" in the context of "Ctrl L Load Script" is **2) Transfer from a
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "Executes" in the sentence is:**5) Carry out a process or program,
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable definition for "instructions" in the sentence is: **5) A message describing how something is to be done
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "file" in the sentence is: **1) (computer science) a file maintained in computer
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "nice" in the sentence "Nice if you want to define some libraries or resume some previous work
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "want" in the sentence "Nice if you want to define some libraries or resume some previous work
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "define" in the sentence "Nice if you want to define some libraries or resume some previous work
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "libraries" in the sentence is:**4) A collection of literary documents or records kept
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "resume" in the sentence "Nice if you want to define some libraries or resume some previous work
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "previous" in the sentence is **3) Just preceding something else in time or order.**
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The best definition for "work" in the sentence "Nice if you want to define some libraries or resume some previous work"
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl G Save Script" is **5) Save from ruin
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "Saves" in the given sentence is **10) Save from sins**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "instructions" in the sentence is: **5) A message describing how something is to be done
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "typed" in this sentence is **2) Write by means of a keyboard with types**.
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "began" in the sentence is:**5) Have a beginning, of a temporal event
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "able" in the sentence is:**2) (usually followed by `to') having
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "generates" in this context is **2) Bring into existence**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "easy" in the context of the sentence is:**5) Posing no difficulty;
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "fix" in the context of the sentence is:**4) Make ready or suitable or
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable definition for "using" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable definition is **2) (computer science) an application that can be used to create and view and edit text
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl S Save Log" is **5) Save from ruin
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "Log" in the context of "Ctrl S Save Log" is **5) A written record
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "Saves" in this context is **5) Save from ruin, destruction, or harm.**
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "log" in this sentence is **5) A written record of messages sent or received**.
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "results" in this sentence is **1) Something that results**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for "able" in the sentence is:**2) (usually followed by `to') having
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable definition for "print" in this sentence is **2) Reproduce by printing**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable definition for "publish" in this sentence is **1) Prepare and issue for public distribution or sale**.
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "Quit" in the sentence "Ctrl Q Quit" is **6) Leave (a job,
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable definition for "program" in the sentence "Shuts the program down" is **10) (computer
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "add" in this context is:**1) Make an addition (to); join or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "do" in the sentence is **11) Carry out or perform an action**.
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "go" in the given sentence is **18) Begin or set in motion**.
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable definition for "Add" in this context is **1) Make an addition (to); join or combine or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable definition for "add" in this context is:**1) Make an addition (to); join or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is **7) Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable definition for "function" in the context of the sentence is:**1) (mathematics) a mathematical
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "Then" in the sentence is:**1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "focus" in the given sentence is **4) The concentration of attention or energy on something**.
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "input" in the context of the sentence is:**3) Signal going into an electronic
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable definition for "text" in the sentence is:**1) The words of something written**
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable definition for "type" in this context is **2) Write by means of a keyboard with types**.
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable definition for "function" in the context of the sentence is:**5) The actions and activities assigned
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in the sentence is **4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly**.
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The best definition for "use" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a particular
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The best definition for "typical" in this context is **1) Conforming to a type**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in the sentence is **4) Absolutely essential**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "specify" in the given sentence is:**1) Decide upon or fix definitely**
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "function" in the sentence is **5) The actions and activities assigned to or required of a
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable definition for "display" in this context is **1) To show, make visible or apparent.**Here
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "main" in this sentence is **3) Most important element**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable definition for "window" in the sentence is **2) (computer science) a rectangular part of a computer
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "set" in the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" is **2
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "several" in the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" is **3
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "same" in the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" is:
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "Just" in the sentence is **5) Exactly at this moment or the moment described;**.
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "use" in the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in List mode" is
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "Add" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Make an addition (to
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "List" in the context of the sentence is:**4) A database containing an ordered
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable definition for "mode" in the sentence is:**4) A particular functioning condition or arrangement**
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "set" in the sentence "You can set each graph its own color" is **2)
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for "color" in the sentence "You can set each graph its own color" is:**
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is: **6) A foundation that provides funds for science or
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the context of the sentence is **3) Engage as a participant.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "organising" in this context is **1) Plan and direct (a complex undertaking)**.
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "conference" in the given sentence is **4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "dealt" in this context is **6) Take action with respect to (someone or something
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "critical" in this context is **2) Forming or having the nature of a turning point or
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in this context is **1) A demanding or stimulating situation.**Here's
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "participants" in the given sentence is:**1) Someone who takes part in an activity
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "main" in this context is **3) Most important element**. Here's why
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "attended" in this context is **7) Be present at (meetings, church services, university
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "debated" in this context is **1) Have an argument about something**. Here
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "issues" in this context is **3) An important question that is in dispute and must be
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "actors" in this context is **2) A person who acts and gets things done.**
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "authorities" in this context is **6) (usually plural) persons who exercise (administrative)
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is **2) Relating to human society and its members.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable definition for "voluntary" in the context of the sentence is:**1) Of your own free
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable definition for "community" in this context is **2) A group of people living in a particular local area
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in this context is:**4) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given sentence is **6) Work done by one person or group that benefits
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable definition for "users" in this context is **3) A person who makes use of a thing; someone
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is **17) An occurrence of something**. Here
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "reported" in this context is **5) Announce as the result of an investigation or experience
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "attempts" in this sentence is **2) Earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "involve" in this context is **3) Engage as a participant**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "users" in this context is **3) A person who makes use of a thing; someone
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given sentence is **6) Work done by one person or group that benefits
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "planning" in this sentence is:**1) An act of formulating a program for a
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:**1) The act of sharing in the
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given sentence is **6) Work done by one person or group that benefits
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable definition for "provision" in this context is **3) The activity of supplying or providing something.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is **7) Find out, learn, or determine
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given sentence is:**1) Having no special distinction or quality;
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "variety" in the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by public
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "different" in the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by public
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "played" in the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by public
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "public" in the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by public
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "welfare" in the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by public
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in this context is **3) An institution supported by an endowment**. Here
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "Commission" in this context is **5) A special group delegated to consider some matter**.
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "Ministry" in this context is **2) A government department under the direction of a minister.**
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is **2) Relating to human society and its members.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "Affairs" in this context is **2) Transactions of professional or public interest.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "regional" in this sentence is:**1) Related or limited to a particular region**
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "government" in this context is:**4) The organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is **4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is **2) Relating to human society and its members.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable definition of "exclusion" in this context is **5) The social process of becoming or being made marginal (
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "major" in this context is **8) Of greater importance or stature or rank**.
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in this context is **1) A demanding or stimulating situation.**Here's
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for "public" in this sentence is **2) Affecting the people or community as a whole**.
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable definition of "welfare" in this context is **2) Something that aids or promotes well-being.**
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in this context is **6) A foundation that provides funds for science or art or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "published" in this context is **1) Prepare and issue for public distribution or sale**.
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "comparative" in this sentence is:**1) Relating to or based on comparison**
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:**1) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is **2) One of the portions into which something is regarded
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "assesses" in this context is **3) Evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable definition for "extent" in this sentence is **2) The point or degree to which something extends**.
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "direct" in the context of the sentence is:**2) Being an immediate result or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable definition for "participation" in this context is:**1) The act of sharing in the activities of
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:**1) A product produced or accomplished through the
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable definition for "increasing" in this sentence is **2) Become bigger or greater in amount**. Here
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "based" in this sentence is:**1) Use as a basis for; found on
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is **3) Particular to a given individual**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in this sentence is **1) The questioning of a person (or a conversation
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "senior" in this context is **3) Older; higher in rank; longer in length of
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "officials" in this sentence is **2) A worker who holds or is invested with an
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is **2) Relating to human society and its members.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is **3) A person who represents others**. Here
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is **3) Of or relating to nationality**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in this context is **4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in this context is:**4) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:**4) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "important" in the sentence is **2) Of great significance or value**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "industrial" in this sentence is **2) Employed in industry**. Here's why
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this sentence is **3) A social group that forms part of the society or
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "metal" in the sentence is **2) Any of several chemical elements that are usually shiny solids
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition of "industry" in this sentence is:**3) The organized action of making of goods and
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "banking" in the sentence is **2) Engaging in the business of keeping money for savings and
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "sector" in the given sentence is:**2) A particular aspect of life or activity
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "included" in the sentence is:**3) Add as part of something else; put
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "speakers" in this context is **4) A person who delivers a speech or oration.**
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is **2) Relating to human society and its members.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "exclusion" in this context is **5) The social process of becoming or being made marginal (
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this context is **4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "left" in this context is **5) Location near or direction toward the left side; i
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "right" in this context is **2) The hand that is on the right side of the
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "Employment" in this context is **2) The state of being employed or having a job**.
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "Industrial" in this context is **2) Employed in industry**. Here's why
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for "Commission" in this context is **5) A special group delegated to consider some matter**.
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable definition for "high" in this context is **2) Standing above others in quality or position.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this context is **2) A special group delegated to consider some matter.**
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable definition for "Member" in this context is:**1) One of the persons who compose a social
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable definition for "Parliament" in this context is **3) A legislative assembly in certain countries**. Here
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable definition for "Parliament" in this context is **3) A legislative assembly in certain countries**. Here
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable definition for "Economic" in this context is **5) Of or relating to an economy, the system of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable definition for "Social" in this context is **2) Relating to human society and its members.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this context is **2) A special group delegated to consider some matter.**
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "Case Studies" in this context is **2) A careful study of some social unit (as
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is **5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "contains" in this context is **3) Include or contain; have as a component**.
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "present" in this context is **12) Give as a present; make a gift of
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "policies" in this context is **3) A plan of action adopted by an individual or social
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "practices" in this context is **4) A customary way of operation or behavior**.
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "improve" in this context is **2) To make better**. Here's why
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for "training" in this context is:**2) The activities of educating or instructing; activities
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "development" in this context is **7) Act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining.**
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is **4) A person who works at a specific occupation.**
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable definition for "community" in this context is **2) A group of people living in a particular local area
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:**3) The territory occupied by a nation**
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "case study" in the given sentence is **2) A careful study of some social unit (
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "case studies" in the given sentence is **2) A careful study of some social unit (
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "analysed" in this context is:**4) Consider in detail and subject to an
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "background" in the given sentence is **8) Information that is essential to understanding a situation or
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this context is **1) A forceful consequence; a strong effect**.
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "employment" in this context is **2) The state of being employed or having a job**.
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:**7) The principal activity in your life that
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in this context is:**4) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition for "assessed" in this context is **3) Evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is **3) Something that aids or promotes well-being.**
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable definition for "problems" in this context is **3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolved.**
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "Visits" in the context of the sentence is:**3) The act of visiting in
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in this context is **1) The questioning of a person (or a conversation
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is **5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "form" in this context is **5) Assume a form or shape**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "basis" in this sentence is:**3) The fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "overall" in this sentence is **1) Including everything**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "practices" in this context is **4) A customary way of operation or behavior**.
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is **3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "published" in this context is **1) Prepare and issue for public distribution or sale**.
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is **4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "staged" in this context is **1) Plan, organize, and carry out (an
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in this context is **6) A foundation that provides funds for science or art or
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "aims" in this context is **3) Intend (something) to move towards a
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is **1) Record in detail**. Here's why
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "characteristics" in this context is **3) A distinguishing quality**. Here's why
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "age" in this context is **2) A time of life (usually defined in years)
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "barriers" in this context is:**3) Any condition that makes it difficult to
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "job" in the given sentence is **4) The principal activity in your life that you do
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "training" in the given sentence is:**2) The activities of educating or instructing;
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "analyse" in this context is:**4) Consider in detail and subject to an analysis
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "causes" in this context is:**4) Any entity that produces an effect or is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "perspectives" in the given sentence is: **5) A mental position from which things are
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "social" in this sentence is **2) Relating to human society and its members.**Here
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "particular" in this sentence is **1) Separate and distinct from others of the same group or
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "attention" in the given sentence is:**2) The faculty or power of mental concentration
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "paid" in this context is **2) Dedicate**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "proposals" in this sentence is:**1) Something proposed (such as a plan or
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "removing" in this context is **8) Remove something concrete, as by lifting, pushing,
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "age" in the sentence is **2) A time of life (usually defined in years)
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "barriers" in the sentence is:**4) An obstruction that stands in the way
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "assesses" in this context is **3) Evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "private" in this context is **2) Confined to particular persons or groups or providing privacy
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this context is **3) A social group that forms part of the society or
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is **2) A time of life (usually defined in years)
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "barriers" in this context is:**3) Any condition that makes it difficult to
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is **2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "older" in the sentence is **3) Advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is **4) A person who works at a specific occupation.**
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "seeking" in the sentence is **3) Make an effort or attempt**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "early" in the sentence is:**1) At or near the beginning of a period
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "retirement" in the given sentence is:**2) The state of being retired from one
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "redundancy" in the context of the sentence is:**1) The attribute of being
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in this sentence is **2) Involved in or affected by or having a claim to
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "retention" in this context is **1) The act of retaining something**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	The most suitable definition for "older" in the sentence is **3) Advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is **4) A person who works at a specific occupation.**
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "gender" in this context is **3) A grammatical category in inflected languages governing the agreement
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "ethnic" in this sentence is **2) Denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the ways
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "backgrounds" in the given sentence is **5) A person's social heritage: previous
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is **4) A person who works at a specific occupation.**
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "relate" in this sentence is **2) Make a logical or causal connection**. Here
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is **2) A time of life (usually defined in years)
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "discrimination" in this sentence is **2) Unfair treatment of a person or group on the
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "examined" in this context is **4) Consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "considers" in this context is:**1) Show consideration for; take into account
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is **2) A time of life (usually defined in years)
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "discrimination" in this sentence is **2) Unfair treatment of a person or group on the
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "small" in the sentence is **3) Limited in size or scope**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "enterprises" in this context is **6) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "member" in this context is:**1) One of the persons who compose a social
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "covered" in this sentence is **10) Provide with a covering or cause to be covered
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is **3) Writing that provides information (especially information of an official
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "public" in this sentence is **2) Affecting the people or community as a whole**.
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "Assessment" in the context of the sentence is:**1) The act of judging or
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Report" in this context is:**3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "explains" in this sentence is **3) Make plain and comprehensible.**Here'
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this sentence is **2) A special group delegated to consider some matter.**
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "Products" in this context is **7) Commodities offered for sale**. Here's
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "Use" in this context is **4) What something is used for**. Here'
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "assessed" in this context is **3) Evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "performed" in this context is:**1) Carry out or perform an action**
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "reach" in this context is **2) Reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.**
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this context is:**1) Something (as a course of action)
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is **6) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or alle
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "contains" in this context is **3) Include or contain; have as a component**.
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "active" in the context of the sentence is **3) (used of verbs (e.
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "substance" in this context is **4) The real physical matter of which a person or thing
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "available" in this context is **1) Obtainable or accessible and ready for use or service
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in this context is **3) A small flat compressed cake of some substance**.
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "solution" in this context is **2) A homogeneous mixture of two or more substances; frequently
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "injection" in this context is:**1) The act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in this sentence is **1) A dose of medicine in the form of a
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "have" in the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and have a score line on both
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "score" in this context is **6) A slight surface cut (especially a notch that is
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "line" in this context is **12) A spatial location defined by a real or imaginary
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "sides" in this sentence is **5) An extended outer surface of an object**.
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is **3) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in this sentence is:**3) A small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "marked" in this context is **1) Having or as if having an identifying mark or a
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is **5) An extended outer surface of an object**.
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "letters" in this context is **4) The conventional characters of the alphabet used to represent speech
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "quantity" in this sentence is:**3) How much there is or how many there
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is **5) An extended outer surface of an object**.
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "What is Cerenia used for?" is **
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "means" in the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-emetic, this means that
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "stops" in the context of the sentence is **12) Cause to stop**.
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:**2) A member of the genus Canis
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this sentence is:**2) Stop (someone or something) from doing
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "caused" in this sentence is:**1) Cause to happen, occur or exist**
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "medicines" in the given sentence is:**6) (medicine) something that treats
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:**4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for "cause" in this sentence is:**1) Cause to happen, occur or exist**
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "measures" in this context is **5) How much there is or how many there are of
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "special" in this context is **5) Adapted to or reserved for a particular purpose**.
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "diet" in this context is **2) The usual food and drink consumed by an organism (
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "used" in this context is **7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "injection" in this context is:**1) The act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "injection" in this context is:**1) The act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "followed" in the given sentence is **6) Come as a logical consequence; follow logically**.
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in this context is **1) A dose of medicine in the form of a
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "purposes" in the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up to
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "given" in the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up to
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "days" in the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up to
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "receptor" in the given sentence is:**1) A cellular structure that is postulated to
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "acts" in this context is **4) Play a role or part**. Here'
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Cerenia been studied?" is **
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "carried out" in this sentence is **1) Pursue to a conclusion or bring to a
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "laboratory" in this context is **2) A workplace for the conduct of scientific research**.
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this context is:**2) A member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "several" in this context is **3) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "benefit" in the context of the sentence is:**3) Something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence is **5) Provide evidence for**. Here
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the context of the sentence is:**1) A written document describing the
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "results" in this sentence is **3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **1) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this context is **5) Provide evidence for**. Here's why
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is **2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "effective" in this context is **5) Producing or capable of producing an intended result or having
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "placebo" in this context is **2) An innocuous or inert medication; given as
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "less" in this sentence is **2) (comparative of `little' usually used with
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "seen" in this context is **13) See or watch**. Here's
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this context is:**2) A member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is **6) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or alle
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this context is:**2) A member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable definition for "placebo" in this context is **2) An innocuous or inert medication; given as
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "dog" in the sentence is:**2) A member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "started" in this context is **14) Leave**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "injection" in this context is **1) The act of putting a liquid into the body by
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "able" in this sentence is **2) (usually followed by `to') having the necessary
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in this context is **1) A dose of medicine in the form of a small
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "intact" in this context is **3) Constituting the undiminished entirety; lacking
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in this context is **1) A dose of medicine in the form of a small
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "follow-up" in the given sentence is:**3) An activity that continues something
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in the sentence is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "owner" in this context is **2) A person who owns something**. Here'
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "administer" in this context is **4) Give or apply (medications)**.
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in this context is **1) A dose of medicine in the form of a
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "dog" in the sentence is:**2) A member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in the sentence is **7) Without any others being included or involved.**Here
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "measure" in the given sentence is **5) How much there is or how many there are
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is **1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for "addressing" in this context is **7) Address or apply oneself to something, direct one
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "underlying" in this sentence is **1) In the nature of something though not readily apparent.**
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for "causes" in this context is **4) Any entity that produces an effect or is responsible for
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "risk" in the context of the sentence is:**4) A source of danger;
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "generally" in this sentence is **3) Usually; as a rule**. Here'
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "well" in this context is **2) To a great extent or degree**. Here
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "tolerated" in this context is **3) Allow the presence of or allow (an activity
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "administered" in this context is **4) Give or apply (medications)**.
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "daily" in this context is **1) Every day; without missing a day.**Here
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "dosages" in this context is **2) The quantity of an active agent (substance or
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "doses" in this context is **5) The quantity of an active agent (substance or radiation
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "extended" in this context is **5) Relatively long in duration; tediously protracted.**
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable definition for "duration" in this context is **3) The period of time during which something continues.**
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:**1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "precautions" in the given sentence is:**2) A precautionary measure warding off
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "person" in the given sentence is:**4) A human being** Here
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "gives" in the context of the sentence is **11) Give or convey physically**.
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:**6) (medicine) something that treats or
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "contact" in the context of the sentence is:**6) The act of touching physically
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "represent" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk for people" is
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "particular" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk for people" is
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "risk" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk for people" is
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "people" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk for people" is
