senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "art" in the given sentence is:3) a superior skill that you can learn by
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "peculiar" in the given sentence is:1) beyond or dev
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) the people of England
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or characteristic of England
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peculiarities" in the given sentence is:1) an odd or unusual characteristic
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unintelligible" in the given sentence is:2) not clearly understood or expressed
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rest" in the given sentence is:1) something left after other
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scenes" in the given sentence is:9) the context and environment in which
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "evoke" in the given sentence is:1) call forth (emotions, feelings
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "loveliest" in the given sentence is:1) appealing to the emotions as well
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ancient" in the given sentence is:1) belonging to times long past
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stone" in the given sentence is:1) a lump or mass of hard
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stands" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level open
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bells" in the given sentence is:3) the sound of a bell
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cascading" in the given sentence is:1) rush down
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its diameter
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "calling" in the given sentence is: 5) order, request, or command to
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "faithful" in the given sentence is:2) a group of
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evensong" is:1) the sixth of the seven canonical
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stop" in the given sentence is:11) stop and wait, as if
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "door" in the given sentence is:2) the entrance (the
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "always" in the given sentence is:1) at all times;
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "men" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pull" in the given sentence is:9) cause to move in
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ropes" in the given sentence is:1) a strong line
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identity
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "first" in the given sentence is:2) the initial time
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sounded" in the given sentence is:2) make a certain noise or sound
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place; where the
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discordant" in the given sentence is:1) not in agreement
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "note" in the given sentence is:3) a notation representing the pitch and
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "enjoying" in the given sentence is:1) derive or receive pleasure from;
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cool" in this sentence is:1) neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "churches" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sets" in the given context is:1) a group of things of the same kind
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "once" in the given sentence is:3) at a previous timeThis
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Sunday" from the options provided is:1) first day of the week; observed as
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "morning" in the given context is:1) the time period between dawn and noon
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:3) the act of public worship following prescribed rules
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentIn
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or involved
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "remains" in the given sentence is:3) be left;
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "live" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "including" in the given sentence is:3) add as part of something else; put
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "training" in the given sentence is:1) activity leading to skilled
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drive" in the given sentence is:16) proceed along in a
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) first day of the week; observed as
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effort" in the given sentence is:2) use of physical or mental energy;
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "keep" in the given sentence is:2) continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sounding" in the given sentence is:2) make a certain
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "even" in the given sentence is:3) to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person or group that
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scrape" in the given sentence is:3) cut the surface
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worker" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The correct definition of "tried" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attemptIn this context
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "train" in the given sentence is:7) teach and supervise (
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discos" in the given sentence is:2) a public dance
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dances" in the given sentence is:4) a party for
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "just" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreIn this
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "drift" in the given sentence is:2) wander from a direct
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "away" in the given sentence is:1) from a particular thing or place or position
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "worries" in the given sentence is:1) be worried, concerned, anxious,
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "youth" in the given sentence is:3) the time of life between childhood and
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ranks" in the given sentence is:5) the body of
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "keeps" in the given sentence is: 7) look after
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" in the given sentence is:4) (nautical) each of the
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "History" that fits the given sentence is:1) the aggregate of past eventsThis
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "side" in the given sentence is:6) an aspect of something (as contrasted
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "survey" in the given sentence is:1) a detailed critical inspection
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "taken" in the given sentence is:1) carry outIn this context, "
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "no" in the given sentence is:3) used to express refusal
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rung" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells) ring
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Sundays" in the given sentence is:1) first day
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ring" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "easy" in the given sentence is:1) posing no difficulty; requiring little effort
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:2) perceive (an idea or situation
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ancient" in the given sentence is:1) belonging to times
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "art" in the given sentence is:1) the products of human
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of little
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "version" in the given sentence is:1) an interpretation of a matter from a particular
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "playing" in the given sentence is:7) perform music on (a musical
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tunes" in the given sentence is:1) a succession of notes forming
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "continental" in the given sentence is:1) of or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Europe" in this context is:1) the 2nd smallest continent (actually a
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "considered" in the given sentence is:6) judge or regard; look
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) the people of England
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fit" in the given sentence is:1) meeting adequate standards for
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The correct answer is 2) without any others being included or involved.In the given sentence, "only for foreigners"
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "foreigners" in the given sentence is:1) a person who comes from a foreign
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) the people of England
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "invented" in the given sentence is:1) come up with (an idea,
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "requires" in the given sentence is:4) have need of
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "physical" in the given sentence is:1) involving the body as
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weigh" in the given sentence is:1) have a certain weightIn this context
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "intense" in the given sentence is:1) possessing or displaying a distinctive
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The correct definition is: 1) involving the mind or an intellectual process.This definition is the most suitable because the context
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "concentration" in the given sentence is:5) complete attention;
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rounds" in the given sentence is:11) a partsong in which voices follow
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "highest-pitched" is:1) used of sounds and voices;
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "bell" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lowest" in the given sentence is:5) used of sounds and
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:2) easy and not involved
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scale" in the given sentence is:6) (music) a
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "churches" in the given sentence is:2) a place for
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "signal" in the given sentence is:1) any nonverbal action or
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "begin" in the given sentence is:3) set in motion, cause
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "varying" in the given sentence is:3) be subject to change in
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "order" in the given sentence is:14) a request for something to be
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument consisting
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:3) give off a certain
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "altering" in the given sentence is:1) cause to change; make
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "steady" in the given sentence is:1) not subject to change or variation especially in
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rhythm" in the given context is:1) the basic rhythmic unit in a
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striking" in this context is not among the options provided. However, it can be
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence is:4) something a little different from others of the same typeThis definition
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "occur" in the given sentence is:1) come to pass
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing more
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionThis definition
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or actionThis
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "methods" in the given sentence is:1) a way of doing
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "names" in the given sentence is:1) a language unit by which a person or
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "series" in the given sentence is:1) similar things placed in order or
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "takes" in the sentence is: 1) carry outThis
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hours" in this context is:1) a period of time equal to 1/
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "look" in the given sentence is:2) the act of directing
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "night" in the given sentence is:4) the dark part of the diurnal cycle
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "practice" in the given sentence is:2) systematic training by multiple repetitionsIn this
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "gives" in the given sentence is:4) convey or reveal information
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association or use
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stand" in the given sentence is:4) hold one's ground
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "circle" in the given sentence is:1) ellipse in which the
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "foot" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the leg of a human
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ahead" in this context is:1) at or in the frontThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stance" in the given sentence is:1) standing postureIn
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pulling" in the given sentence is:9) cause to move
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rope" in the given sentence is:1) a strong line
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable definition of "small" in the given sentence is:2) limited in size or scopeThis definition is
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hole" in the given sentence is:2) an opening deliberately made in or
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "high" in the given sentence is:2) (literal meaning) being at
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) the overhead upper
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "chamber" in the given sentence is:1) a natural or
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaks" in the given sentence is:5) make a characteristic or natural sound
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:1) a strong lineIn this context
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seems" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain impression or
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:3) the sound of
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "muffled" in the given sentence is:2) deaden (a sound
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "absorbed" in the given sentence is:1) giving or marked by
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is almost identical to
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stare" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:1) look at with
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "straight" in the given sentence is:3) in a straight line; in a direct
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "ahead" in the given sentence is:1) at or in the front
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "call" in the given sentence is:22) lure by imitating
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "watch" in the given sentence is:2) follow with the eyes or the
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the sentence is:1) not the same one or
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:1) a strong lineIn the context
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a logical
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:2) assign a time for
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pulls" in the given sentence is:1) the act of pulling; applying force
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Far" in the given sentence is:2) at or to or from a
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "above" in the given sentence is:2) in or to a
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bronze" in the given sentence is:2) made from or
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mounted" in the given sentence is:3) fix onto a backing, setting, or
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wheels" in the given sentence is:1) a simple machine consisting of a circular
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "swing" in the given sentence is:3) change direction with a
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "madly" in the given sentence is:1) in an uncontrolled mannerThis
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "full" in the given sentence is:1) containing as much or
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "degrees" in the given sentence is:4) a measure for arcs
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "starting" in the given sentence is:3) leaveIn the context of the sentence
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ending" in the given sentence is definition 1) have an end, in
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "inverted" in the given sentence is:1) being in such a position
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "position" in the given sentence is:1) the particular portion of
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ringers" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "retard" in this context is:1) cause to move more slowly or operate at
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "swing" in the given sentence is:1) a state of steady vigorous action that is
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "so" in the given sentence is:6) in the way indicated
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bell" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument consisting
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "swap" in the given sentence is:1) exchange or give (
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "places" in the given sentence is:5) the post or function properly or
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well-known" in the given context is:1) widely or fully knownThis definition
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involving" in the given sentence is:3) have as a necessary feature
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "described" in the given sentence is:2) to give an
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "passion" in the given sentence is:1) a strong feeling
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "finds" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "satisfaction" in this context is:1) the contentment one feels when one has
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "completeness" in the given context is:1) the state
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mechanical" in this context is:1) using (or
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "perfection" in this context is:1) the state of being without a flaw or
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Ringers" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is almost
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "added" in the given sentence is:2) state or say furtherIn
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "filled" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `with
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "solemn" in the given context is:1) dignified and somber in manner
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "comes" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass;
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ritual" in the given sentence is:2) the prescribed procedure
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "performed" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or developmentIn
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "obsession" in the given sentence is:2) an unhealthy and
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "admits" in the given sentence is:1) declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "master" in the given sentence is:9) an authority qualified to teach
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "female" in the given sentence is:2) characteristic of or peculiar
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ringer" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "passion" that fits the given sentence is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stays" in the sentence "It is a passion that usually stays
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "however" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary (usually following
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "More" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to a
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is almost
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "think of" in the given sentence is:2) take into consideration, have in view
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bottom" in the given sentence is:1) the lower side of anything
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "completed" in the given sentence is:1) come or bring to a finish
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "worked up" in the given sentence is:1) form or accumulate steadily
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sweat" in the given sentence is:4) use of
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "often" in the given sentence is:1) many times at short intervals
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "skip" in the given sentence is:2) intentionally fail to attend
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "leaving" in the given sentence is:1) go away from a place
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "worship" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:2) a feeling of
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "below" in the given sentence is:1) in or to a
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "well" in the given sentence is definition 5) to a suitable
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "membership" in the given sentence is:1) the body of members of an
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "steadily" in the given sentence is:1) at a steady
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "vicars" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England)
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pressing" in the given sentence is:9) exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "equally" in the given sentence is:1) to the same degree (
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instancesThis definition
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attend" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "services" in the given sentence is:3) the act of public worship following prescribed rules
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England) a clergy
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:10) cause to do; cause to act in
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or degree
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "attend" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (meet
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "service" in the given sentence is:3) the act of public worship following prescribed rules
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sacked" in the given sentence is:2) terminate the employment
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "entire" in the given sentence is:1) constituting the full quantity or extent
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "promptly" in the given sentence is:1) with little or
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "protest" in the given sentence is:2) the act of
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "club" in the given sentence is:2) a formal association of people with similar interests
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treated" in the given sentence is:1) interact in a
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sort" in this context is:2) an approximate definition or exampleIn the sentence
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "separate" in the given sentence is:1) independent; not united or joint
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people who
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "still" in the given sentence is:2) despite anything to the contrary (usually following
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ring" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells) ring, often
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:4) (nautical)
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "silent" in the given sentence is:1) marked by absence of sound
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "following" in the given sentence is:6) come after in time, as a result
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "refuses" in the given sentence is:1) show unwillingness towardsThis definition
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "talk about" in the given sentence is:2) discuss or mention
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "saying" in the given sentence is:1) express in wordsThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "feels" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fault" in the given sentence is:2) an imperfection in an object or machine
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "next" in the given sentence is:2) nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altar" in the given sentence is:1) the table in Christian churches where communion is
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "So" in the given sentence is: 8) subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place; where the
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "come" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "above" in this context is:2) in or to a place that is higher
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is "cause to do; cause to act in a specified
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	The correct answer is definition 1: "used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exit" in the given sentence is:2) euphemistic expressions
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) a group of
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prayer" in the given sentence is:2) reverent petition
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "says" in the given sentence is: 1) express in words.In
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "admits" in the given sentence is:1) declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mixed" in the given sentence is:1) consisting of a h
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "feelings" in the given sentence is:1) the experiencing of affective and emotional
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "active" in the given sentence is:4) taking part in an activityThis
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bell-ringer" in the given sentence is:1) a person
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "draw" in the sentence "The sound of bells is a net to
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "live" in the given sentence is:7) pursue a positive and
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hopes" in the given sentence is:2) the general feeling that some
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drawn" in the given sentence is:4) make, formulate
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fuller" in the given sentence is:3) complete in extent
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by some common
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parliament" in the given sentence is:1) a legislative assembly
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "groups" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "aims" in the given sentence is:2) propose or intendIn this context,
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "improve" in this context is:1) to make betterThis definition is more
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicars" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England) a clergy
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:4) the officer who
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hopes" in the given sentence is:1) expect and wishThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "speak" in the given sentence is:4) give a speech to
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "colleges" in the given sentence is:2) an institution of higher education created
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "joys" in the given sentence is:2) something or someone that provides a source
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bell ringing" in the given sentence is:3) playing a set
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The correct answer is 2) in the near future. In this context, "shortly" means that the publication of
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "publish" in the given sentence is:2) prepare and issue for public
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "vicar" in the given context is:3) (Church of England)
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a nationIn
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "entitled" in this context is:1) give the right toIn
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument consisting of a set
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Care" in the given sentence is:5) attention and management implying responsibility for safety
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "recognize" in the given sentence is:2) be fully aware or cognizant
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "no" in the given sentence is:2) not in any degree or manner
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "high" in the given sentence is:3) standing above others in quality or
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order of importance
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:1) one of the groups
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attacking" in the given sentence is:2) attack in speech
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the sentence is:3) a source of difficulty
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ringers" in the given context is:2) a person who is almost
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "survey" in the given sentence is:1) a detailed critical inspectionIn this context
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "says" in the given sentence is:1) express in wordsThis definition
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "bellringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in this context is:1) the present time or ageThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreThis definition fits the
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "still" in the given sentence is:1) with reference to action or condition
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "always" in the given sentence is:1) at all times; all the time and
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "need" in the given sentence is:2) have need ofThis
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rung" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "small" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number or quantity
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "council" in the given sentence is:1) a body serving
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects or services
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attract" in the given sentence is:2) be attractive toIn
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "train" in the sentence is:2) undergo training or instruction in preparation for a particular
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The correct answer is 1) and nothing more.In the given sentence, "only" is used to indicate that the
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Right" in the given sentence is:1) precisely, exactlyIn this context,
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lucky" in this context is:2) having or bringing good fortuneIn this
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "adds" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (to);
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bright" in the given sentence is:8) clear and sharp and ringingIn this
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sign" in the given sentence is:1) a perceptible indication of something not immediately
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "entered" in the given sentence is:2) become a participant; be involved in
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "once" in this context is:3) at a previous timeThis definition
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "field" in the given sentence is:3) somewhere (away from a
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "third" in the given sentence is:3) following the second position in an ordering or
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a man)This
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "accepted" in the given sentence is:4) react favorably to
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "however" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary (
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bell-ringing" is:3) playing a set of bells that
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (members) considered
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "founded" in the given sentence is:1) set up or
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "remains" in the given sentence is:1) stay the same; remain in a
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information about something
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "particularly" in this context is:1) to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (members) considered
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The correct definition is:1) used to form the superlativeIn the given sentence, "most" is used
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "churches" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "filed" in the given sentence is:4) file a formal charge against
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to which
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "surfaced" in the given sentence is:3) appear or become visible
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "summer" in the given sentence is:1) the warmest season of the year;
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "series" in the given sentence is:1) similar things placed in order or happening one
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "letters" in the given sentence is:1) a written message addressed
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "newspaper" in the given sentence is:1) a daily
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "writer" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "signing" in the given sentence is:1) mark with one's signature
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letter" in the given sentence is:1) a written message addressed to a person or
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "male" in the given sentence is:1) an animal that produces
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "remarked" in the given sentence is:2) make or write
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "frequency" in the given sentence is:1) the number of occurrences
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suggested" in this context is:1) make a proposal, declare a plan for
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The correct answer is definition 3) in or to or toward an original condition.In the given sentence, "settle
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "traditional" in the given sentence is:2) pertaining to time-h
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "making" in the given sentence is:8) compel or make somebody or something to act
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tea" in the given sentence is:2) a light midafternoon meal of
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "meetings" in the given sentence is:4) the social act of assembling
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "torrent" in the given sentence is:3) an overwhelming number or
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "replies" in the given sentence is:1) a statement (either spoken
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "followed" in the given sentence is:6) come after in
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "observed" in the given sentence is:1) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:3) lacking exceptional quality or
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "male" in the given sentence is:2) characteristic of a man
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "badly" in the given sentence is:2) (`ill'
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dressed" in the given sentence is:2) treated with medications
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "large" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size or number or quantity
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "unwashed" in the given sentence is:2) not cleaned
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence would be:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a man)
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wrote" in the given sentence is:5) communicate by letterThis definition is
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "say" in the given sentence is:2) report or maintainThis definition fits the
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "never" in this context is:1) not ever; at no time in the past
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "known" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lady" in the given sentence is:2) a woman of refinement
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "belfry" in the given sentence is:2) a room (
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seen" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "men" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Medical" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the study or practice of medicine
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "starting" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motionThis definition
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "handful" in the given sentence is:1) a small number or amountThis
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledIn this
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "unleash" in the given sentence is:1) release or ventIn this
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "chaotic" in this context is:1) lacking a visible order or organizationThis
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:6) (pathology)
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "characterizes" in the given sentence is:2) be characteristic of
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "say" in the given sentence is:2) report or maintainThis definition fits the
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "recent" in the given sentence is:2) of the immediate past or just
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "develops" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "understanding" in the given sentence is:4) the capacity for rational thought
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "expected" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable or likelyThis
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "produce" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or yieldThis definition is
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "array" in the given sentence is:1) an orderly arrangementThis definition fits the
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "strategies" in the given sentence is:1) an elaborate and systematic plan
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "future" in the given sentence is:1) yet to be or
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developing" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold, or
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "identified" in the given sentence is:1) recognize as being; establish the
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "otherwise" in the given sentence is:1) in other respects or
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating good health in
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "individual" in the given sentence is:1) a human being
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:1) has a good chance
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "get" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "set" in the given sentence is:1) a group of things of the same kind
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) something that is
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 10
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "molecular" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "accumulation" in the given sentence is:1) an increase by natural growth or addition
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "altered" in the given sentence is:1) changed in form or character without becoming
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "initiate" in the given sentence is:1) bring into beingThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "propel" in the given sentence is:1) cause to move
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deadly" in the given sentence is:1) causing or capable of causing death
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect to its
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "call" in the given sentence is:1) assign a specified (usually proper
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "class" in the given sentence is:1) a collection of things sharing a common attribute
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "simply" in the given sentence is:4) in a simple manner; without extravag
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "functioning" in the given sentence is:1) perform as expected when applied
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The correct definition for the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that hold a cell's growth in check" is definition
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hold" in the given sentence is:1) keep in a certain state, position,
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "growth" in the given sentence is:1) (biology) the process of
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "radiation" in the given sentence is:1) energy that is
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "work" in the given sentence is:3) have an effect or outcome; often the
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "turn" in the given sentence is:16) change colorHowever
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "identified" in the given sentence is:1) recognize as being;
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The correct answer is: 1) be differentThis is because "differ" in the given sentence means that the
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "family" in the given sentence is:6) (biology) a taxonomic
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discovered" in the given sentence is:1) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "early" in the given sentence is:1) at or near the beginning of
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "called" in the given sentence is:1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "present" in the given sentence is:1) temporal sense; intermediate between past and future
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "normal" in the given context is:1) conforming with or constituting a norm
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancerous" in the given context is:1) relating to or affected with cancer
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suggesting" in the given sentence is:3) imply as a
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The correct definition of "cause" in the given sentence is:1) give rise to; cause to happen or occur,
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "recent" in the given sentence is:2) of the immediate past or just
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:2) a time unit of approximately 30 days
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:4) reach or enter a state,
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "believe" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "turn" in the given sentence is:16) cause to change or turn into something different
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or involved
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damageIn
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The correct answer is 3) receive by genetic transmission.This definition matches the context of the sentence, which is discussing the
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parent" in the given sentence is:2) an organism (plant
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "needed" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "control" in the given sentence is:3) handle and cause to functionIn this
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "growth" in the given context is:1) (biology) the process of an individual
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "arise" in the given sentence is:2) originate or come into being
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "impaired" in the given sentence is:1) diminished in strength, quality, or
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "person" in the given sentence is:1) a human being
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The correct answer is: 13) be pregnant with.In this context, "born" is used in the phrase "
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damageThis
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "early" in the given sentence is:2) before the usual time
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:4) the condition of living or the state of
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or involved
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "lose" in the given sentence is:1) fail to keep or to
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Emerging" in the given sentence is:2) coming into existenceThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to') having
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "individuals" in the given sentence is:1) a human being
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "believe" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:2) an era of history having some
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beneficiaries" is:1) the recipient of funds or other
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "findings" in the given sentence is:3) something that is
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" in the given sentence is:2) a pair of people who live together
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "even" in the given sentence is:2) in spite of; notwithstandingThis definition
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "before" in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time;
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "became" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or developmentIn
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pregnant" in the given sentence is:1) carrying developing offspring within the body or
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "child" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "chance" in the given sentence is:4) a measure of how likely it is
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "occurs" in the given sentence is:1) come to passThis
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasion
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "births" in the given sentence is:2) the event of being bornThis
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "carried" in the given sentence is:3) transmit or serve
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lost" in the given sentence is:1) fail to keep or to maintain; cease
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "only" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreIn the
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mother" in the given sentence is:1) a woman who has
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suffered" in the given sentence is:2) undergo (as of injuries and
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fate" in the given sentence is:3) your overall circumstances
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) a very young child (birth to 1 year) who
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "isolation" in the given sentence is:1) a state of separation between persons or
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "became" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possible" in the given sentence is:1) capable of happening or
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition of "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find out" in the given sentence is:3) find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "threat" in the given sentence is:1) something that is a source of danger
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baby" in the given sentence is:2) the youngest member of a group (not
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The correct definition for the word "faced" in the given sentence is:1) deal with (something unpleasant) head
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The correct answer is definition 1) put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "little" in the given sentence is:3) (of children and animals)
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The correct definition of "inherited" in the given context is:3) receive by genetic transmissionThis definition is the
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The correct definition of "faced" in this context is:1) deal with (something unpleasant) head onIn
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	The correct definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `much' used with
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "risk" in the given context is:1) a source of danger; a possibility of
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "developing" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "made" in the given sentence is: 3) make or cause to
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "individual" in the given sentence is:2) a single organism
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "expect" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable or likely
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Equally" in the given sentence is:1) to the same
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "controls" in the sentence is:3) handle and cause to function
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "growth" in the given context is:3) a process of becoming larger or longer or
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitionerThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "named" in the given sentence is:5) mention and identify by nameIn this
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "opened" in the given sentence is:1) cause to open or to become open
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recent" in the given sentence is:2) of the immediate past
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "exploded" in the given sentence is:10) increase rapidly and in
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "turns out" in the given sentence is:1) be shown or be
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studying" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tragic" in the given sentence is:1) very sad;
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "uncommon" in the given sentence is:1) not common or
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable definition of "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "possible" in this sentence is:1) capable of happening or existingIn
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fundamental" in the given sentence is:2) being or involving
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "insights" in this context is:3) the clear (and often sudden) understanding
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "basic" in the given sentence is:2) reduced to the simplest and most significant form
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "director" in this context is:3) someone who supervises the actors and directs the
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) people in general considered
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "concerned" in the given sentence is:1) feeling or showing worry
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "advances" in the given sentence is:2) a change for the better; progress
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "basic" in the given sentence is:2) reduced to the simplest
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "begin" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "showing" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "results" in the given context is:2) a statement that solves a problem or explains
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "there" in the given sentence is:1) in or at that
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "made" in the sentence "Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spring" in the given sentence is:1) the season of growth
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "finding" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence,
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The correct definition of "called" in the given sentence is:1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "impaired" in the given sentence is:1) make worse or
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "turns" in the given sentence is:16) cause to change or turn into something
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating good
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "colon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancerous" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or affected
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The correct definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teams" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that makes something
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identity
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "present" in the given sentence is:2) being or existing in a specified place
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "most" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction or quality; widely
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "forms" in the given sentence is:2) a category of things
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "killing" in the given sentence is:9) deprive of life
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Americans" in the given sentence is:1) a native or inhabit
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Right" in the given sentence is:1) precisely, exactlyIn the sentence,
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "laboratories" in the given sentence is:1) a workplace
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "U.S." is:2) North American republic containing 50 states
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "racing" in the given sentence is:3) to work as
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) im
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "say" in the given sentence is:1) express in wordsIn this
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "alone" in the given sentence is:1) without any others being included or
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "combination" in the given sentence is:6) the act of arranging elements into specified groups
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crucial" in the given sentence is:3) of the
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:3) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The correct definition is: 2) something causing misery or death.In this context, "scourges" refers to
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:1) that part of the
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "skin" in the given sentence is:1) a natural protective body covering and site of
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cervix" in the given sentence is:2) necklike
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "versions" in the given sentence is:2) something a little different
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater extent or
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancer" that identifies its meaning in the context of the sentence is:1) any
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "explaining" in the given sentence is:1) make plain and
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "finally" in the given sentence is:2) as the end result
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seem" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "certain" in the given sentence is:1) definite but not
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "families" in the given sentence is:4) people descended from
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "story" in the given sentence is:4) a record or narrative
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "goes back" in the given sentence is:1) belong to
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "named" in the given sentence is:2) give the name or identifying characteristics
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "proposed" in the given sentence is:2) present for consideration, examination
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stemmed" in the given sentence is:1) grow out of
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "separate" in the given sentence is:1) independent; not
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defects" in the given sentence is:1) an imperfection in a bodily system
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "theorized" in this context is:1) to believe especially on uncertain or tentative
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The correct definition of "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sightThis definition fits the context
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inherited" in this context is:3) receive by genetic transmissionThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledIn the
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parent" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "normal" in the given sentence is:1) conforming with or constituting a norm
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "developed" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "normal" in the given sentence is:1) conforming with or constituting a norm
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The correct answer is 2) how a result is obtained or an end is achieved.In the given sentence, "way
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prove" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "theory" in the given sentence is:1) a well-substant
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Back" in the given sentence is:4) in or to or toward a
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The correct answer is definition 3) at that time. In the given sentence, "back then" refers to a
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "specific" in the given sentence is:1) (sometimes followed by
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out,
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pairs" in the given sentence is:1) a set of two similar things
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contain" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain;
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "gross" in the given sentence is:4) visible to the naked eye (
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a change for
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "visible" in the sentence is:1) capable of being seen;
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The correct answer is definition 1) the organ of sight. In this context, "eye" refers to the organ responsible
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledIn this
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parent" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual factThis definition fits the
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out, and look over
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bit" in the given sentence is:1) a small piece or quantity of
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "assumed" in the given sentence is:1) take to be the case
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contained" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain; have as
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "loss" in the given sentence is:2) gradual decline in amount
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "critical" in the given sentence is:4) urgently needed; absolutely necessaryIn this
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "setting off" in the given sentence is:6) set in motion
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scientific" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "led" in the given sentence is:7) be in charge of
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors)In
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:2) a statement that solves
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "battery" in the given context is:3) a collection of related things intended for use
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "developed" in the given context is:11) become technologically advancedIn the
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "material" in the given sentence is:1) the tangible substance that goes into
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "presence" in the given context is:1) the state of being present; current existence
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analyzing" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "extracted" in the given sentence is:6) obtain from a substance, as by
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sightThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "defects" in the given sentence is:1) an imperfection
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "copy" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exact" in the given sentence is:1) marked by strict and
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "finding" in the given sentence is:3) something that is foundThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "medicine" in the given sentence "The finding riveted medicine" would be:
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "loss" in the given sentence is:1) something that is lostIn
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identityThis is because the
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lead" in the given sentence is:3) tend to or result
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "eruption" in the given context is:4) a sudden violent spontaneous occurrence (usually
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancer" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "satisfying" in the given sentence is not listed among the options provided.
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "true" in the given sentence is:1) consistent with fact or reality; not false
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "true" in the given sentence is:1) consistent with fact or
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancers" is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "audacious" among the given options is:3) disposed to venture or take risks.
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "claim" in the sentence "It was an audacious claim" is:2) an
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "young" in the given context is:1) (used of living things especially persons)
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "believed" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "right" in the given sentence is:5) correct in opinion or judgmentIn this
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "set out" in the given sentence is:1) take the first
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "repeat" in the given sentence is:2) make or do or perform again
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experiment" in the given sentence is:1) the act of conducting
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teams" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dual" in the given sentence is:1) consisting of or
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "losses" in the given sentence is:2) gradual decline in amount or
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "childhood" in the given sentence is:1) the time of
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "called" in the given sentence is:22) lure by imitating the characteristic call of
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:2) direct one's interest or attention towards;
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attention" in the given sentence is:1) the process whereby a
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "biggest" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size or number or
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "killer" in the given sentence is:1) someone who causes the
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:2) North American republic
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "believed" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "arise" in the given sentence is:2) originate or come into beingThis
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instances
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stages" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period in a sequence
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "preceded" in the given sentence is:1) be earlier in
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "polyps" in this context is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "stages" in the given sentence is:2) a specific identifiable position
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "progressing" in the given sentence is:2) move forward, also in
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "severe" in the given context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deadly" in the given sentence is:1) causing or capable of causing death
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "occurring" in the given sentence is:1) come to pass
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "student" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tedious" in the given context is:1) so lacking in interest as to cause
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "often" among the given options is:1) many times at short intervalsThis definition
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "searching" in the given sentence is:1) try to locate or discover, or
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "signs" in the given context is:6) (medicine) any objective evidence of
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "genetic" in this context is:2) of or relating to or produced by or
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "damage" in the given context is:1) the occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confusing" in the given sentence is:2) lacking clarity of
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "variety" in the given sentence is:5) a category of things distinguished
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "existing" in the given sentence is:1) have an existence, be extant
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "coherent" in the given sentence is:1) marked by an orderly,
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "picture" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged" is
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "development" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emerged" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "certain" in the given sentence is:1) definite but not specified or
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "knocked out" in the given sentence is:1) eliminate
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deleted" in the given sentence is:3) cut or eliminateThis definition fits the
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "malignancy" in the given sentence is:1) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "clear" in the given sentence is:1) readily apparent to the mind
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "report" in the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular biologists" is
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "galvanized" in the given sentence is:1) to stimulate to action
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The correct definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confirming" in the given sentence is:2) serving to support
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief or disbelief;
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "needed" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "losses" in the given sentence is:2) gradual decline in amount or activity
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "critical" in the given sentence is:4) urgently needed; absolutely necessaryIn the
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "development" in the given sentence is:3) (biology) the process of an individual
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The correct definition of "yet" in the given sentence is:1) up to the present timeIn this context,
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "nail" in the given sentence is:6) locate exactlyIn this context,
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "identity" in the given sentence is:2) the individual characteristics by
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage.In this context, "damaged" means
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flipped" in the given sentence is:8) turn upside down
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "colon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "full-blown" in the given sentence is:2) having or
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "malignancy" in the given sentence is:1) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "down" in the given sentence is:1) spatially or metaphorically from a higher
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "length" in the given sentence is:1) the linear extent in space from one end
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "looking for" in the given sentence is:1) try to locate
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction or quality
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bit" in the given sentence is:1) a small piece or
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "material" in the given sentence is:4) things needed for doing
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lost" in the given sentence is:1) fail to keep or
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of a wholeThis
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the basis of available
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "constitute" in the given sentence is:1) form or compose
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "found" in the sentence is:3) come upon after searching;
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "last" in the given sentence is:1) immediately pastThis definition fits the context
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dubious" in the given context is:1) fraught with uncertainty or doubtThis
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "search" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of looking thoroughly in order to
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "doubts" is:2) uncertainty about the truth or fact
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stemmed" in the given sentence is:1) grow out of, have
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fact" in the given context is:1) a piece of information about circumstances that exist
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "several" in the given sentence is:1) (used with count nouns) of
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "earlier" in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "experiments" in the given context is:1) the act of conducting a controlled test
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mice" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the given sentence is:1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "transform" in the given sentence is:2) change or alter in
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "normal" in the given sentence is:1) conforming with or
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancerous" is:1) relating to or affected with cancer
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in the given sentence is:2) a single person or thingIn this
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "found" in the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exactly" in the given sentence is:1) indicating exactness
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "same" in the given sentence is:4) unchanged in character or natureThis definition
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spot" in the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "said" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "caused" in the given sentence is:1) give rise to; cause
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "promoting" in the given context is:1) contribute to the progress or
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of the sentence is:3) a process
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "looking for" in this context is:1) try to locate or discover, or try
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suppressed" in the given sentence is:3) control and refrain from showing; of
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of the sentence is:3) a process
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "human" in the given sentence is:2) relating to a person
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "identical" in the given context is:1) exactly alike; incapable of being perceived
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The correct answer is: 1) be shown or be found to be.The word "turned out" is often used
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "observing" in the given sentence is:3) observe with care or pay
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledIn this
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The correct definition of "form" in the given sentence is:11) a particular mode in which something is manifestedIn
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suddenly" in the given sentence is:1) happening unexpectedly
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "puts" in the given sentence is:2) cause to be in
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "right" in the given sentence is:1) precisely, exactlyIn this context,
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "formation" in the given sentence is:6) natural process that causes something to
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "leader" in the given context is:1) a person who rules or guides or inspires
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emerging" in the given sentence is:3) become known or
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association or use
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "too" in the given sentence is:2) in additionIn this context
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "breast" in the given sentence is:2) either of two
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spot" in the given sentence is:1) a point located with
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "say" in the given sentence is:2) report or maintainIn
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "strikes" in the given sentence is:6) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "members" in the given sentence is:2) anything that belongs to a set or class
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "certain" in the given sentence is:1) definite but not specified or
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "families" in the given sentence is:4) people descended from
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inherited" in this context is:3) receive by genetic transmissionThis definition accurately
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledIn
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "form" in the given sentence is:11) a particular mode in which something
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "implicated" in the given sentence is:1) bring into intimate
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the given sentence is:1) immediately pastThis definition fits the context
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities)
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:8) take into one's possessionIn the
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tested" in the given sentence is:6) determine the presence or
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "missing" in the given sentence is:6) be withoutIn this context
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "yet" in the given sentence is:1) up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "taken" in the given sentence is:4) get into one's hands,
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "brain" in the given sentence is:1) that part of the central nervous system that
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "At the same time" in the given sentence is:1) at the same instant
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rushing" in the given sentence is:4) act or move at high speed
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hopes" in the given sentence is:1) expect and wish
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "close" in the given sentence is:3) not far distant in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "types" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "thought" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or supposeIn
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "believes" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result of an investigation or
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The correct definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much;
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discoveries" in the sentence is:2) something that is discovered
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speculate" in the given sentence is:1) to believe especially
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "major" in the given sentence is:1) of greater importance or stature or
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "unit" in the given sentence is:2) an individual or group
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "collaborating" in the given sentence is:1) work together on a common enterprise
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hunters" in the given sentence is:2) a person who
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "turn" in the given sentence is:16) cause to change or turn into
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) something that is discoveredThis is
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "slow" in the given sentence is:1) lose velocity; move more slowly
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reverse" in the given sentence is:5) reverse the position, order,
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "growth" in the given sentence is:6) (pathology) an abnormal
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found on
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "produced" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The correct definition is: 2) your intention; what you intend to do.In the given sentence, "The idea
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "administer" in the given sentence is:4) give or apply
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "healthy" in the given context is:1) having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "versions" in the given sentence is:2) something a little different from others
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "possible" in the given sentence is:1) capable of happening or existingThis definition
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "replace" in the given sentence is:1) substitute a person or thing for (another
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating good
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "versions" in the given sentence is:2) something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "come close" in the given sentence is:1) nearly do something
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "witnessing" in the given sentence is:2) perceive or
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "most" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the superl
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "steps" in the given sentence is:5) relative position in a
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genesis" in the given sentence is:1) a coming into being
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teach" in the given sentence is:1) impart skills or
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "read" in the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "write" among the given options is:9) write or name the letters that comprise the
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reckon" in the given sentence is:4) make a mathematical calculation or computation
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive for
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effective" in the given sentence is:1) producing or capable of producing an intended result
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "require" in the given sentence is:2) consider obligatory; request and expectThis
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "relinquish" in the given sentence is:2) do
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "metaphysical" in the given sentence is:1) pertaining to
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beliefs" in the given sentence is:1) any cognitive content
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things especially persons)
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "violate" in the given sentence is:1) fail to agree with;
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition of "interests" in the given context is:2) a reason for wanting something done
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beliefs" in the given sentence is:1) any cognitive content
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dominate" in the given sentence is:2) be in controlThis definition fits
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or committees
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) a person active
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "even" in the given sentence is:2) in spite of; notwithstandingIn this
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "blasphemous" in the given context is:1) grossly irreverent toward
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) take exception toThis definition
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Here" in the given sentence "Here is an example" is:1) in or
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "example" among the given options is:1) an item of information that is typical of
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ask" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sample" in the given sentence is:2) items selected at random
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "American" in the given context is:1) of or relating to the United States of
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wish" in the given sentence is:4) feel or express a
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "encourage" in this context is:3) spur onThis definition fits best because
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:1) a statement (either
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The correct answer is 1) mean or intend to express or convey. This definition is the most suitable for the context of
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the sentence "No one can say" is:2) a single person
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "equated" in the given sentence is:1) consider or describe
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "encourages" in the given sentence is:2) inspire with
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "generation" in the given sentence is:1) all the people living
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things especially persons)
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incompetence" in the given sentence is:1) lack of physical or intellectual ability
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matched" in the given sentence is:4) be equal to in
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing more
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "good" in the given sentence is:1) having desirable or positive qualities especially
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "opinion" in the given sentence is:2) a message expressing
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of the word "whole" in the given sentence is:1) including all components without exception;
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The correct definition of "notion" in this context is:1) a vague idea in which some confidence is placed
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the sentence is:3) not sensible about practical matters; idealistic and unrealistic
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rebellion" in the given context is:1) refusal to accept some authority or code
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "disciplined" in the given sentence is:2) trained mentally
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instruction" in the given sentence is:2) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "authoritarian" in the given context is:2) expecting unquestioning obedienceIn the
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "repression" in the given sentence is:2) (psychiatry) the classical
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "frustration" in the given sentence is:1) the feeling
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The correct answer is:1) potentially existing but not presently evident or realizedThe word "latent" is used in the
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "talents" in the given sentence is:1) natural abilities or
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The correct definition of "yet" in the given sentence is:4) within an indefinite time or at an unspecified future time
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potentialities" in this context is:1) the inherent capacity for coming into being
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inherent" in the given sentence is:2) in the nature of something though not
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "souls" in the given sentence is:1) the immaterial
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find" in the given sentence is:5) come to believe on the basis of emotion
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:2) expressive of or exciting sexual love or romanceIn this context
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attractive" in the given sentence is:2) having power to
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "get" in the given sentence is: 21) acquire as a result of some effort
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "decent" in the given context is:4) sufficient for the purposeThis definition
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "demands" in the given sentence is:2) require as useful,
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "commitment" in the given sentence is:2) the act of binding yourself (intel
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "survive" in the given sentence is:1) continue to live through
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "adolescent" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:4) in the
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "illiteracy" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:2) an inability
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "determined" in the given sentence is:3) fix conclusively
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "allow" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "prevail" in the given sentence is:4) prove superiorIn this context,
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "illusions" in the given sentence is:2) something many people believe that is false
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "share" in the given sentence is:1) have in commonThis definition fits the
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or committees
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence is: 4) exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or obtrusively to
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reasons" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:2) easy and not involved
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Progressive" in the given sentence is:1) favoring or
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The correct answer is definition 3) at a previous time.In the given sentence, "once" is used to indicate
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "called" in the given sentence is:27) consider or regard as
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The correct definition of "far" in the given sentence is:1) to a considerable degree; very muchThis definition
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much;
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "agreeable" in this context is:1) conforming to your own liking or feelings
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	The correct answer is: 1) a person whose occupation is teaching.The sentence implies that the audience of progressive education is
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition of "disciplined" is:2) trained mentally
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "instruction" in the given sentence is:2) the activities of educating or instruct
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "nice" in the given sentence is:1) pleasant or pleasing or agreeable
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the given sentence is:3) use or exercise the
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "personality" in the given sentence is:1) the complex of all
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "even" in the given sentence is:2) in spite of;
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nicer" in the given sentence is:1) pleasant or pleasing
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minimize" in the given sentence is:1) make small or
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tests" in the given sentence is:2) any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or memory
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) frequently or in great
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "results" in the given sentence is:3) something that resultsIn this context,
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "provides" in the given sentence is:1) give something useful
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching.This
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "profession" in the given sentence is:1) the body of people
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "passed" in the given sentence is:14) go successfully through a test or
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in a series of lessons
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "philosophy" in the given context is:2) the rational investigation of questions about
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the given sentence is:1) carry outThis is because in the
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "courses" in the sentence is:1) education imparted in a series
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "college" in the given sentence is:2) an institution of higher education created to educate
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thinking" in the given sentence is:3) use or exercise the
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fairly" in the given sentence is:2) without favoring one party
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given sentence is:1) give a description ofThis definition
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pap" in the given sentence is:1) worthless or overs
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "courses" in the given sentence is:7) part of a meal served at one time
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "distinct" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or committees or departments
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seriously" in the given sentence is:1) in a serious
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) bound or obligated, as under a pledge to a particular cause
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teaching" in the given sentence is:3) the activities of
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "brightest" in the given sentence is:3) characterized by quickness and ease in
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "generation" in the given sentence is:1) all the people living at the same time
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "very" in the given sentence is:2) precisely soIn
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jobs" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "well" in the sentence "But they need not be to do their jobs well
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "remember" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "truly" in the given sentence is:1) in accordance with
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proceeded" in the given sentence is:3) follow a procedure
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "competent" in the given sentence is:1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sense" in the given sentence is:2) the meaning of a word or expression;
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teachingThis definition fits the context
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the sentence is:3) consider or describe as
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "one" in the given sentence is:2) a single person or
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "brilliant" in the given sentence is:2) having or marked by unusual and
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "probably" in the given sentence is:1) with considerable certainty;
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "competent" in the given sentence is:1) properly or sufficiently
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "serves" in the sentence "If he is competent and conscientious, he serves us
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "well" in the given sentence is:1) (often used as a combining
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or valueThis definition
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "factor" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes causally to a result
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) a crucial stage
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "equity" in the given sentence is:3) conformity with rules
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe,
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educate" in the given sentence is:1) give an education
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "better" in the given sentence is:1) comparative of `well
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "got" in the given sentence is:21) acquire as a result of some
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much;
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "unions" in the given sentence is:1) an organization of employees formed to bargain
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mind" in the given sentence is:2) be concerned with or
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spreading" in the given sentence is:5) cause to become
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "narrow" in this context is:3) lacking tolerance or flexibility or breadth
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "purposes" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) a person active
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find" in the given sentence is:8) make a discovery, make a new finding
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "helps" in the given sentence is:6) contribute to the furtherance
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "strike" in the given sentence is:2) have an emotional or cognitive impact upon
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "friendly" in this context is:2) inclined to help or support; not antagonistic
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "posture" in the given sentence is:2) characteristic way of bearing one's body
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) as the agent
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shred" in the given sentence is:1) a tiny or scarcely detect
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The correct answer is 1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied; - the White Queen.In this
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable definition of "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specificallyIn the
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "equal" in the given sentence is:1) having the same quantity
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "differentials" in the given sentence is:2) a quality that different
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "result" in the given sentence is:3) come about or follow
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "differentials" in the given sentence is:2) a quality
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief or disbelief;
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sure" in the given sentence is:1) having or feeling no doubt or
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wish" in the given sentence is:2) prefer or wish to
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "serious" in the given sentence is:1) concerned with work or important matters rather than
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exactly" in the given sentence is:1) indicating exactness
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "just" in the given sentence is:4) absolutelyIn this
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "scattered" in the given sentence is:1) occurring or distributed over widely spaced and
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "poorest" is:2) having little money or few possessions
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "majority" in the given sentence is:1) the property resulting from being or relating
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "efforts" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and conscient
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reform" in the given sentence is:1) a change for
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "doomed" in the given sentence is:3) marked by or
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "really" in the given sentence is:3) in fact (used as intensifiers or
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "need" in the given sentence is:1) require as useful,
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assimilate" in the given sentence is:1) take up mentallyIn this
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:2) the condition of being honored (esteemed or respected or well
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence is the first one: "expressed without speech;". In the sentence,
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) feeling or showing worry or solicitudeIn this context,
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "inclined" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "echo" in the given sentence is:1) to say again or imitate
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conventional" in the given sentence is:1) following accepted customs
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pap" in the given sentence is:1) worthless or oversimplified ideas
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a logical
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "recent" in the given sentence is:2) of the immediate past or just
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "governors" in this context is:1) the head of a state government
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "announced" in the given sentence is:1) make known;
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "needs" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "development" in the given sentence is:5) a district that has been developed to serve
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "governors" in the given sentence is:1) the head
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seem" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "need" in the given sentence is:2) anything that is necessary but lackingThis
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "extending" in the given sentence is:1) extend in scope or range or area
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "system" in the given sentence is:1) instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "desirable" in the given sentence is:1) worth having or seeking or
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects or services intended to
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) providing knowledge
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "very" in the given sentence is:1) used as intensifiers
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "early" in the given sentence is:1) at or near the
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "exposure" in the given sentence is:2) the act of subjecting
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schooling" in the given sentence is:2) the process of
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "improves" in the given sentence is:1) to make
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "first" in the given sentence is:2) indicating the beginning unit
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "grade" in the given sentence is:6) a number or letter indicating quality
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "difference" in the given sentence is:2) a variation that deviates from
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "quickly" in this context is:2) with little or no delay
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "washed away" in the given sentence is:1) eliminate
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sum up" in the given sentence is:1) give a summary
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reforms" in the given context is:1) a change for
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:3) have an effect or
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:3) have an effect or
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Parental" in the given sentence is:2) relating to or
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involvement" in the given context is:1) the act of sharing in the
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bad" in this context is:7) below average in quality or performance.In the
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "idea" in the given sentence is:2) your intention; what
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "too" in the given sentence is:1) to a degree exceeding
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "likely" in the given sentence is:1) has a good chance of being the case
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "blame" in the given sentence is:3) attribute responsibility to
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "limitations" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being limited or
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "involved" in the given sentence is:3) emotionally involved
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection and securityThis
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out,
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "kids" in the given sentence is:4) a human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "play" in the given sentence is:5) be at play; be engaged in playful
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spend" in the given context is:1) pass time in a specific way
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrutinize" in the given sentence is:1) to look at critically or search
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "option" in the given sentence is:2) one of a number of
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "switching" in the given sentence is:4) make a shift in or
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Community" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people living in a particular
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sharing in the
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "even" in the given sentence is:3) to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "worse" in the sentence is:1) (comparative of `
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Here" in the sentence "Here, the experience of New York City
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Locally" in the given sentence is:1) by a particular
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The correct definition of "especially" in this context is:1) to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cities" in the given sentence is:1) a large and densely
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or developmentIn
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ambitious" in the given sentence is:1) having a strong desire for success or
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the given sentence is:1) usually; as a ruleThis
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "corrupt" in the given sentence is:2) not straight; dishonest or immoral or
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) a person active in party politics
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) a person active in party politics
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of action intended to achieve
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trying" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "system" in the given sentence is:1) instrumentality that combines
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "school" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "governance" in the given sentence is:1) the persons
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "even" in the given sentence is:2) in spite of; notwithstanding
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cities" in the given sentence is:1) a large and densely
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "institute" in this context is:1) set up or lay the groundwork for
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The correct answer is definition 1) (superlative of `many' used with count nouns and often preceded by `
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expenditures" in the given sentence is:1) money paid
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart knowledge
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) the set
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "things" in the given sentence is:12) a separate and self
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "worse" in the given sentence is:1) (compar
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "better" in the given sentence is:3) more wise or more advantageous
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reason" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "simple" in the given sentence is:2) easy and not involved or complicatedThis
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Education" from the given options is:1) the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "influence" in the given sentence is:4) the effect of one thing (or
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "money" in the given sentence is:2) wealth reckoned in terms of money
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The correct answer is definition 1: a period of 10 years.In the given sentence, "Decades of educational
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tell" in the given sentence is:6) inform positively and with
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "even" in the given sentence is:3) to a greater degree
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "classes" in the given sentence is:2) a body of students who are taught together
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The correct definition of "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:1) associated with academia or
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pupils" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "desirable" in the given sentence is:1) worth having or seeking or
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is:5) a justification for something existing or happening
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "money" in the given sentence is:2) wealth reckoned in terms of
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "flows" in the given sentence is:4) be abundantly presentIn
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "piling" in the given sentence is:1) arrange in stacks
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	The correct answer is definition 1) (comparative of `much' used with mass nouns) a quantifier meaning
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mystery" in the given sentence is:1) something that baff
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information about something
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "expenditures" in this context is:1) money paid out; an amount spent
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "real" in the given sentence is:6) of, relating to
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "increased" in the given sentence is:1) become bigger or
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sharply" in the given sentence is:4) very suddenly and to
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) earlier than the present
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis definition fits
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "spend" in this context is:2) pay outThis definition fits the sentence
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to a
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pupil" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "declined" in the given sentence is:1) grow worse
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "way" in the sentence "That is the way the system works" is:
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "academic" in the given sentence is:1) associated with academia or an academy
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The correct answer is:1) the inherent capacity for coming into beingIn the given sentence, "potential" refers to
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "allows" in the given sentence is:5) make a possibility or provide opportunity for;
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "student" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "permitted" in the given sentence is:1) consent to,
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "graduated" in the given sentence is:1) receive an academic degree upon completion of
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mastered" in the given sentence is:1) be or become
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prevailed" in the given sentence is:3) continue to exist
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "means" in the given sentence is:4) have in mind as a purpose
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "main" in this context is:1) most important elementThis is because the sentence
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "purpose" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is intended
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "permit" in this context is:2) make it possible through a specific action or lack
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flourish" in this context is:1) grow vigorouslyIn this sentence,
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The correct answer is 1) without doubt or question. In the given sentence, "clearly" is used to
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "desirable" in this context is:1) worth having or seeking or achieving
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of little
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "get" in the given sentence is:21) acquire as a result
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "necessary" in the given sentence is:1) absolutely essentialIn
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and understanding a
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "entering" in the given sentence is:1) to come or go into
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a whole
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition of "work" in the given sentence is:3) the occupation for which you are paid
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "purpose" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "encourage" in the given sentence is:2) inspire with confidence
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "men" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "full" in the given sentence is:3) complete in extent or degree and
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:1) associated with academia or
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "potential" in the given sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The correct answer is: 2) used to imply that one would expect the fact to be the opposite of that stated;
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "equal" in the given sentence is:1) having the same quantity
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "academic" in the given sentence is:2) hypothetical or theoretical and not expected
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "potential" in the given sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "generally" in the given sentence is:1) usually; as a rule
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "desirable" in the given sentence is:1) worth having or seeking or achieving
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "newer" in the given sentence is:1) not of long
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	The correct definition of "ones" in this context is:2) a single person or thingIn the given sentence,
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instancesThis definition
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dubious" in the given sentence is:1) fraught with uncertainty or doubtThis
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "psychological" that identifies the meaning of the word in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great or small
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reasons" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the cause of some
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "influence" in the given sentence is:4) the effect of
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The correct definition for the word "wants" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire for;
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "appreciate" in the given sentence is:2) be fully aware of; realize
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "just" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreIn this context,
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "situation" in this context is:1) the general state of things; the combination
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "add" that fits the context of the sentence is:4) make an addition by combining
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	The correct answer is 2) take off or away. In the sentence, the word "subtract" is used in
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "learning" in the given sentence is:1) gain knowledge or skillsThis
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "basis" in the given sentence is:2) the fundamental assumptions from
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mathematical" in the given context is:1) of or pertaining to or of
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is written or printed
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "article" in the given sentence is:1) nonfictional prose
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The correct definition is: 2) of the immediate past or just previous to the present time.In this context, "
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The correct definition of "major" in the given context is:3) a university student who is studying a particular field as
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "most" in the given sentence is:2) veryIn this context,
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "principals" in the given sentence is:2) the educator who has executive authority
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "large" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size or number or quantity
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "measure" in the given sentence is:2) how much there is or how
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "authority" in the given sentence is:1) the power or right to give orders or
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "faculty" in the given sentence is:2) the body of teachers
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "matters" in the given sentence is:1) a vaguely specified concernThis definition
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "student" in the given context is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and understanding a
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "most" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the superl
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tells" in the given sentence is:6) inform positively and with certainty and confidence
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institutionThis definition is the
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "outside" in the given sentence is:3) originating or belonging beyond some bounds:In
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "interference" in the given sentence is:2) the act of hindering or obstruct
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "governed" in the given sentence is:2) direct or strongly influence the behavior
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "powerful" in the given sentence is:1) having great power or force or potency
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "head" in the given sentence is:13) the educator who has
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "authority" in the given sentence is:1) the power or right to give orders or
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The correct answer is definition 1: be present or associated with an event or entity.In the sentence, "With that
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "unambiguous" is:2) admitting of no doubt or misunderstanding;
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "produce" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or yieldThis definition is
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "higher" in the given sentence is:3) standing above others in quality or position
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "morale" in the given sentence is:2) the spirit of
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "superior" in the given sentence is:1) of high or superior quality
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:1) associated with academia or
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "performance" in the given context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given context is:1) a piece of information about circumstances that exist or events that have
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ruffled" in the given sentence is:8) disturb the smoothness of
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fact" in this context is:1) a piece of information about circumstances that exist or
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	The correct answer is definition 2: a single person or thing.In the given sentence, "one" is used as
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "publishes" in the given sentence is:2) prepare and issue
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence "That's what the man had said" is
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bleary" that fits the context of the sentence is:2) indistinct or
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:11) undergoIn this context, "had" is used to
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ready" in the given sentence is:4) made suitable and available for immediate
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:1) a statement (either spoken
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "surprise" in the given sentence is:1) the astonishment you feel when something
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fit" in the given sentence is:2) a sudden uncontrollable attack
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drunk" in the given sentence is:1) stupefied or excited by
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crazy" in the sentence is:1) affected with madness or
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matched" in the given sentence is:4) be equal to in
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drink" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lost" in the given sentence is:1) fail to keep or to maintain
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "count" in the given sentence is:2) the act of counting; reciting numbers
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "eyes" in the given sentence is:2) good discernment (either visually or as
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or manIn this context
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition of "thought" in the given sentence is:8) decide by pondering, reasoning, or reflecting
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:2) good discernment (either visually or as
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sightThis definition
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bright" in the given sentence is:1) emitting or reflecting light readily or
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "strange" in this context is:1) being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or degree; the property
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cold" in the sentence is:2) extended meanings; especially of
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "fire" in the given sentence is:6) feelings of great warmth and
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the sentence is:2) shine intensely, as if with heat
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "noticed" in the given sentence is:1) discover or determine the
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the sentence "No, the man was not drunk" is:
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drunk" in the given sentence is:1) stupef
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wondered" in the given sentence is:2) place in
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "got" in the given sentence is:21) acquire as a result of some
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "remembered" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory;
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "steady" in the given sentence is:5) relating to a person who
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to excess.The context of
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "occasion" in the given sentence is:1) an event that occurs
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stranger" in the given context is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "head" in the given sentence is:1) the upper part of the human body or
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "thought" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition;
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "started" in the given sentence is:8) get going or set in motionThis
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cross" in the given sentence is:1) travel across or pass overThis definition
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks)
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "light" in the given sentence is:3) a particular perspective or aspect of a situation
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "roared" in the given sentence is:1) make a loud
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "intersection" in the given sentence is:2) a junction where one street
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Brakes" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint used to slow
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "howled" in the given sentence is:3) make a loud noise, as of
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "horn" in the given sentence is:3) a noise made by the
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "blared" in the given sentence is:1) make a str
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is definition 3: "the generic
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "hit" in the sentence is:2) hit against; come into sudden
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called out" in the given sentence is:1) utter aloud; often with surprise,
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "second" in the given sentence is:5) following the first in an ordering or series
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "done" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cared" in the given sentence is:1) feel concern or
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hit" in the sentence "As a matter of fact, he wouldn
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "regretted" in the given sentence is:1) feel remorse for; feel sorry
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "opened" in the given sentence is:1) cause to open or
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mouth" in the given sentence is:1) the opening through which food is taken in
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stop" in the given sentence is:3) a brief stay in the course of a
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "angry" in the given sentence is:1) feeling or showing
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jumped" in the given sentence is:8) jump down from
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cab" in the given sentence is:1) a compartment at the front of a motor
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "walked" in the given sentence is:1) use one's
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stranger" in this context is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "arm" in the given sentence is:1) a human limb; technically the part of
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "shoulders" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the body between the
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "old" in the given context is:3) (used for emphasis) very familiar
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "friend" in the given sentence is:1) a person you know
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "started" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or steps
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "curse" in the given sentence is:2) heap obscenities
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "plot" in the given sentence is:1) a secret scheme to do something (especially
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ruin" in the given sentence is:1) destroy completely; damage irreparably
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "record" in the given sentence is:3) the number of wins versus losses and ties
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "saved" in the given sentence is:3) bring into safety
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "turned" in the given sentence is:1) change orientation or direction
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "face" in the given sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on a person's face
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "saying" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "word" in the given sentence is:2) a brief statementIn
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "swearing" in the given sentence is:1) utter obscenities or profan
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "turned" in the given sentence is:1) change orientation or direction, also in the
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "heel" in the given sentence is:3) someone who is morally reprehensibleIn
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time" is:1
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thought" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (usually
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "recalled" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory;
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wondered" in the given sentence is:2) place in
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seen" in the given sentence is:6) get to know or become aware of,
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "eyes" in the given sentence is:2) good discernment (either visually
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "make" in the given sentence is: 8) compel or make somebody or something
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "look" in the given sentence is:1) the feelings expressed on
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:2) pretense that your position is stronger than it really is
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the given sentence is:7) communicate or express nonverbally
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "word" in the given sentence is:2) a brief statementIn this
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "light" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The correct answer is definition 6) a line leading to a place or point. In the sentence "When the light
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went on" in the given sentence is:3) move forward, also in the metaphor
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks)
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "found out" in the given sentence is:2) get to know
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favorite" in the given sentence is:2) preferred above all others
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bars" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "insisted" in the given sentence is:1) be emphatic
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "offering" in the given sentence is:1) make available or accessible
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "buy" in the given sentence is:1) obtain by purchase;
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drinks" in the given sentence is:3) any liquid suitable
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel, or
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "kept to himself" in the given sentence is:1) shun
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:1) be seatedThis definition fits the
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "corner" in the given sentence is:1) a place off to the side of an
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "passing" in the given sentence is:10) pass time in a specific
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nursing" in the given sentence is:2) maintain (
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favorite" in the given sentence is:2) preferred above all others
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make, or come to
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mind" in the given sentence is:2) be concerned with or about something or somebody
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "company" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being with someoneIn
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "free" in the given sentence is:3) costing nothingIn this context, "
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is:3) any liquid suitable for drinkingIn
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "made" in the given sentence is:10) earn on some commercial or business transaction;
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "good" in the sentence is:11) financially soundIn this
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "job" in the given sentence is:1) the principal activity in
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wondered" in the given sentence is:2) place in doubt or express doubtful
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "having" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "screwball" in the given sentence is:1) a whims
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "take" in the given sentence is: 15) experience or feel or
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "offer" in the given sentence is:2) something offered (as a proposal
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "feel" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "uneasy" in the given sentence is:3) causing or fraught with or showing anxiety
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "gave" in the given sentence is:3) transfer possession of something concrete
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:1) a statement (either
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seem" in this context is:1) give a certain impression or have a certain
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wink" in the given sentence is:3) briefly shut the eyesIn this
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "continued" in the given sentence is:1) continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stare" in the given sentence is:1) look at with
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "weak" in the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:7
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "laugh" in the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh"
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the sentence is:1) keep in mind for attention
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Thanks" in the sentence "Thanks anyhow" is:1) an
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "faint" in the given sentence is:1) deficient in magnitude; barely perceptible
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "crease" in the given sentence is:2) a slight depression in the smoothness of
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appeared" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain impression or have
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "taking" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "meant" in the given sentence "I meant it" is:4
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "has" in the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" is
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hit" in the given sentence is:2) hit against; come
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "returning" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favors" in the given sentence is:2) an advantage to
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "do" in the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like" is
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "like" in the sentence "I 'll do anything for somebody I like
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "It won't cost you a cent, Phil" is:1) be priced
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "try" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attemptIn the
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the verb "rubbed" in the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead wearily" is:
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "forehead" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the face
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "feel" in the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is:
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:2) confused and vague; used especially of thinkingThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "exit" in the given sentence is:3) the act of going out
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expect" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive,
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conceded" in the given sentence is:2) be willing
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "keeps" in the given sentence is:2) continue a certain state, condition,
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "riding" in the given sentence is:5) harass with persistent criticism or carping
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "like" in the given sentence is:2) find enjoyable or agree
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "listen" in the given sentence is:2) listen and pay attention
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "radio" in the given sentence is:2) an electronic receiver that
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sing" in the given sentence is:2) produce tones with the
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bath" in the given sentence is:3) a relatively large open container
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:2) report or maintainIn this sentence,
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "neighbors" in the given sentence is:1) a person who lives (or
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "complain" in the given sentence is:1) express complaints,
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "believe" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "tell" in the given sentence is:1) express in wordsIn
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bothers" in the given sentence is:2) cause annoyance in; disturb
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "closed" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) lower and raise
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "looked" in the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed almost
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seemed" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Fine" in the given sentence is:1) an expression of agreement normally occurring at the
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Give" from the given options is:3) transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "address" in the given sentence "Give me your address" is:2) the place
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "take" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is definition 2) require
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence "It will take a little time" is:3)
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire for; want
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "study" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail and subject to an analysis
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "habits" in the given sentence is:2) (psychology
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "movements" in the given sentence is:11) the act of changing the location of
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "see" in the sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident"
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is "cause to be or to become" (definition 3
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) the act of killing yourselfThis definition fits the context of
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "looks" in the sentence "Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable"
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "flew" in the given sentence "Haney's eyebrows flew up" is
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the verb "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:1
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:8) utter aloudIn this context, "
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "make" in the given sentence is: 8) compel or make somebody or
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stood up" in the given sentence is:1) rise to one's feetThis
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) lower and raise the
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "farewell" in the given sentence is:1) an acknowledgment or
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "watched" in the given sentence is:4) observe with attention
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "small" in this context is:9) not large but sufficient in size or amount
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wiry" in the given sentence is:1) lean and sin
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "slip" in the given sentence is:7) pass on stealthily
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "door" in the given sentence is:2) the entrance (the
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watchIn this
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seemed" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "notice" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveIn this
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "departure" in this context is:1) the act of departingIn this sentence,
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "stay" in the given sentence is:4) continue in a place,
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:5) a continuum of experience in which events pass
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "passed" in the given sentence is:8) come to pass
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seemed" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain impression or
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "strange" in the given sentence is:1) being definitely out of the
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "little" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence is:3) the generic use of the
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "returned" in the given sentence is:1) go or come back
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "putting" in the given sentence is:9) arrange thoughts, ideas,
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "whole" in the given sentence is:1) including all components without
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "incident" in the given sentence is:1) a single distinct event
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mind" in the given sentence is:2) recall or remembrance
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The correct definition of "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time or orderThis definition is
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hangover" in the given sentence is:1) disagreeable after
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reminded" in the given sentence is:1) put in the
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hangover" in the given sentence is:1) disagreeable aftereffects from the use
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reminded" in the given sentence is:1) put in the mind of someone
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "passed" in the given sentence is:7) travel pastThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing lifeThis
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tenants" in the given sentence is:1) someone who pays
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an oner
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:4) the condition of living
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ignored" in the given sentence is:4) give little or no
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing lifeThis definition fits the context
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mailed" in the given sentence is:1) send via the
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "check" in the given sentence is:1) a written order directing
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "maintenance" in the given sentence is:3) court-ordered support paid by
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wished" in the given sentence is:2) prefer or wish to do something
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "do" in the sentence "Of course On Thursday, Haney mailed the
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Coming" in the given sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive by
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:3) the occupation for which
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lobby" in the given sentence is:1) a large entrance or reception room
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "standing" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "talking" in the given sentence is:1) exchange thoughts;
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spine" in the given sentence is:1) the series of
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "crawled" in the given sentence is:1) move slowly; in the case
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "premonition" in the given sentence is:2) an early
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to and expect an
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fellow" in the given sentence is:2) a friend who is frequently in the
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tenants" in the given sentence is:3) any occupant
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happened" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur, or be
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "The landlord had died" is:1) pass from physical life and lose all
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "afternoon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the day between noon
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seemed" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fallen" in the given sentence is:23) lose an upright position suddenly
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "roof" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that covers or
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "obscure" in this context is:3) difficult to findThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "witnessed" in the given sentence is:2) perceive or
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fall" in the given sentence is:11) a free and rapid
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of an
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "smashed" in the given sentence is:10) break suddenly into pieces
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pavement" in the given sentence is:1) the paved
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "basement" in the given sentence is:1) the lowermost portion of a structure
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "delivery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of delivering or distributing something (
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "entrance" in the given sentence is:1) something that provides access
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveThis definition fits the
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "felt" in the given sentence is:3) perceive by a physical sensation
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "blood" in the given sentence is:1) the fluid (red
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drain" in the given sentence is:1) flow off gradually
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The correct definition for "cheeks" in the given sentence is:1) either side of the face below the eyes
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "muttered" in the given sentence is:2) make complaining
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "terrible" in the given sentence is:3) intensely or extremely bad or
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "walked" in the given sentence is:1) use one's feet to advance;
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deliberate" in the given sentence is:1) carefully thought
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "slowness" in the given sentence is:2) a rate demonstrating an absence of
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elevator" in the given sentence is:1) lifting device consisting
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "poured" in the given sentence is:3) pour outIn this
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drink" in the given sentence is:3) any liquid suitable for
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hands" in the given sentence is:1) the (prehensile) extremity
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flopped" in the given sentence is:3) fail utterly;
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "chair" in the given sentence is:1) a seat for one
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "feel" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bothered" in the given sentence is:2) cause annoyance in; disturb,
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ask" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to and expect an answer
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "questions" in the given sentence is:3) a sentence of inquiry
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coincidence" in the given sentence is:3) the temporal
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "happy" in the given sentence is:1) enjoying or showing or
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lousy" in the given sentence is:1) very badIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "man" in the given sentence is definition 3: "the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "had" in the given sentence is definition 12) suffer from; be ill
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "family" in the given sentence is:2) primary social group; parents and
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suffered" in the given sentence is:1) undergo or be subjected to
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in words.In this
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "kills" in the given sentence is:9) deprive of life
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "favor" in the given sentence is:2) an advantage to the benefit of someone or
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "thought" in the given sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The correct answer is: 1) mean or intend to express or convey.In the sentence "So you thought I didn
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight.This definition fits
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "large" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size or number
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sad" in the given sentence is:1) experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness;
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hurt" in the given sentence is:3) cause emotional anguish
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of mental images
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of mental images and emotions occurring
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beginning" in the given sentence is:2) have a beginning
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) (usually plural) an ulterior implicit meaning or quality
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nightmare" in the given sentence is:2) a terrifying or
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "knew" in the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not a
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of mental
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "He might be very tight, but he knew where he was" is:14
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identity
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bar" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:7) the time between sunset
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:3) go through (mental or physical states or
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "excuse" in the given context is:2) a note explaining an absenceIn
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drink" in the given sentence is:2) consume alcoholThis
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "usual" in the given sentence is:1) occurring or encountered or
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sitting" in the given sentence is:1) be seatedThis definition fits the
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "usual" in the given sentence is:1) occurring or encountered or
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "corner" in the given sentence is:1) a place off to
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "little" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number or quantity
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a smooth flat
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "talkative" among the options provided is:1) full of trivial conversationIn this
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "friendly" in the given sentence is:2) inclined to help or support; not antagon
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "enjoying" in the given sentence is:1) derive or
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ritual" in the given sentence is:1) any customary observance or
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The correct definition is 1) eat food accompanied by lots of liquid; also use metaphorically. In the given sentence
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pet" in the given sentence is:3) a fit of pet
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) a complaint about a (
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bourbon" in the given sentence is:2) whiskey distilled from a mash
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "water" in the given sentence is:1) binary compound that occurs
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "favorite" in this context is:2) preferred above all others and treated with partiality
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "grievance" is:3) a complaint about a (
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "forgotten" in the given sentence is:1) dismiss from the mind;
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mentioned" in the given sentence is:2) make mention of
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "real" in the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly"
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "grievance" from the given options is:3) a complaint about a (
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "end" in the given sentence is:3) the concluding parts of an event or occurrence
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "making" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wet" in the given sentence is:1) covered or soaked with a
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rings" in the given sentence is:3) a rigid circular band of metal or
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is:1) the lower side of anythingIn this
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while drinking
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "became" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "aware" in the given sentence is:1) (sometimes followed by `of') having
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention; direct one's
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stranger" in the given context is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sitting" in the given sentence is:2) be around,
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given context is:2) express with a smile.This definition fits the context because it
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "secret" in the given sentence is:1) not open or public
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveIn this
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "name" in the given sentence is:1) a language unit by which a person or
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seen" in the given sentence is:6) get to know or become aware of,
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sit down" in the given sentence is:1) take a seatThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is definition 3) the generic use
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "uncanny" in the given sentence is:2) surpassing the ordinary or
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shadow" in the given sentence is:7) a dominating and pervasive
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "noise" in the given sentence is:1) sound of any kind
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shadow" in the given sentence is:3) something existing in perception
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shrinking" in the given sentence is:3) reduce in size
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trapped" in the given sentence is:2) catch in or
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "corner" in this sentence is:8) a predicament from which a skillful or
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wiry" in the given sentence is:1) lean and sin
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "little" in the given sentence is:6) low in stature; not tall
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is definition 3: "the generic use of
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wish" in the given sentence is:4) feel or express a desire or hope concerning
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shouted" in the given sentence is:1) utter in a loud voice
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "bore down" in the given sentence is:6) exert a force or
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crossing" in the given sentence is:5) a path (
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "saddled" in the given sentence is:3) impose a
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "creep" in the given sentence is:1) someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "start" in the given sentence is:8) get going or set
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel, or
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "places" in the given sentence is:2) any area set aside for
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "low" in the given sentence is:3) very low in volume
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "voice" in the given sentence is:1) the distinctive quality or
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "asked" in the given sentence is:5) address a question
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "happy" in the given context is:1) enjoying or showing or marked by joy or
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mistake" in the given sentence is:1) a wrong action
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answering" in the given sentence is:1) react verballyThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it happens
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "skepticism" in the given sentence is:1) doubt
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "showed" in the given sentence is:4) make visible or noticeable
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "face" in the given sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on a person's face
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "voice" in the given sentence is:1) the distinctive quality or
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or developmentIn
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "sad" in the sentence is:1) experiencing or showing sorrow or unh
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "moody" is:1) showing a brooding ill humor;
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "encourage" in the given sentence is:3) spur on
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "company" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being with someoneIn
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "buy" in the given sentence is:1) obtain by purchase;
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:3) any liquid suitable for drinking.
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) keep from happening or
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possible" in the given sentence is:2) existing in possibility
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficultyThis definition
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "drink" in the given sentence is:3) any liquid suitable for drinkingIn the
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "upset" in the given sentence is:2) cause to lose one
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "appreciation" in the given context is:1) understanding of the nature or meaning
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "break" in the given sentence is:18) interrupt a continued activity
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "uncomfortable" in the given sentence is:1) conducive to
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "silence" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being silent (as
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "began" in the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "talk" in the given sentence is:1) exchange thoughts; talk withThis definition
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "complaining" in the given sentence is:1) express complaints
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "subject" in the given sentence is:1) the subject matter of
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "interest" in the given sentence is:3) the power of attracting or holding one's
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "showed" in the given sentence is:4) make visible or noticeable
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "alert" in the given sentence is:3) mentally perceptive and
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "face" in the given sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on a
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bright" in the given sentence is:9) characterized by happiness or
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "eyes" in this context is:2) good discernment (either visually or
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "paused" in the given sentence is:2) cease an action temporarily
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "moisten" in the given sentence is:1) make moist
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "throat" in the given sentence is:1) the passage to the stomach and
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "broke in" in the given sentence is:2) break into a conversation
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pay" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:3)
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bills" in the given sentence is:2) an itemized
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "men" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "divorce" in the given sentence is:2) get a divorce
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "bitch" in the given sentence is:2) a person (usually
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:4) have sexual intercourse withIn this context, the speaker is
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "get" in the sentence "Then she'd get half of everything I have" is:
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "have" in the sentence "Then she'd get half of everything I
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "business" in the given sentence is:1) a commercial or industrial
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "share" in the given sentence is:1) assets belonging to or
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nodded" in the sentence "Pete nodded understandingly" is
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "see" among the given options is:1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "understand" in the given sentence is:1) know and comprehend the nature
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "state" in the sentence "You must understand, I haven't been in
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "came" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is definition
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence "I came out here to retire" is:1) go into retirement;
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "free" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do a
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "job" in the given sentence is:1) the principal activity in your life that you
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "told" in the given sentence is:2) let something be
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "twinge" in the given sentence is:1) a sudden sharp
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "annoyance" in the given sentence is:1) the psychological state of being irritated
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "heard" in the given sentence is:2) get to know or
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "familiar" in the given sentence is:1) well known or easily
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wild" in the given sentence is:1) marked by extreme lack of restraint
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "thought" in the given sentence is:2) the process of using your
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "clouded" in the given sentence is:3) mentally disorderedThis
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:3) that which is responsible
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Suppose" in the given sentence is:1) express a sup
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was T!
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or manIn the sentence
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "professional" in the context of the given sentence is:1) engaged in a profession or
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "killer" in the given sentence "A retired professional killer" is:1)
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nut" in the sentence "If he was just a nut, no
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "harm" in the given sentence is:2) the occurrence of
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "done" in the given sentence is:3) get (something) done
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cunning" in the given sentence is:2) marked by skill
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proud" in the given sentence is:1) feeling self-res
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "played" in the sentence "He felt very cunning, very proud of himself as
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "soft spot" in the given sentence is:1) a place of especial vulnerabilityIn
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "offense" in the given sentence is:1) a lack of politeness
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intended" in the given sentence is:1) have in mind
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "said" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suspect" in the given sentence is:1) imagine to be
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "thing" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is not
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "thought" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or supposeIn
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coincidence" in the given sentence is:1) an event
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence "After all, I didn't know
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "say" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) be successful; achieve a goalThe sentence "But if
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:9) to cause (someone or oneself)
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sightThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:6) feel strong emotion, especially anger
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "muttered" in the given sentence is:2) make complaining
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "looked" in the sentence "Of course it looked like an accident" is:2
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:5) a course of conduct
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "has" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) (law) a defense by an accused person purporting
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Let" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through a specific action or
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prove" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil" is
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the given sentence is:3) use or exercise the
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favor" in the given sentence is:2) an advantage to the
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "He waited eagerly" is:1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "liquor" in the given sentence is:2) a liquid substance that is a solution
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "bottom" in the sentence "Haney swished the liquor in the bottom
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while drinking
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rout" in this context is:2) an overwhelming defeatThis definition fits the
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "backed" in the given sentence is:3) give support or one's
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "presidential" in this context is:1) relating to a president or presidencyThis
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "candidate" in the given context is:1) a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reminder" in the given sentence is:2) an experience that causes
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "federal" in the given context is:1) national; especially in reference to the
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "political" in the given sentence is:1) involving or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "past" in this context is:1) earlier than the present time; no longer current
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "election" in the given sentence is:1) a vote to select the winner of a
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "nation" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "choose" in the given sentence is:1) pick out, select, or
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:1) an organization to gain
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "percentage" in the given sentence is:1) a proportion in relation
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "equals" in the given sentence is:1) be identical or equivalent
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tend" in the given sentence is:1) have a tendency
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "favor" in the given sentence is:1) promote over anotherIn this context,
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competition
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "president" in this context is:2) the person who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:1) a vote to select
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "past" in the given sentence is:1) earlier than the present time;
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "percentage" in the given sentence is:1) a proportion in relation
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "major" in the given sentence is:3) greater in number or size
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:1) an organization to gain
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "popular" in the given context is:2) carried on by or for the people (
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vote" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seats" in the given sentence is:7) the legal right to sit as a
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "popular" in this context is:2) carried on by or for the people (or
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vote" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "opposite" in the given sentence is:1) a word that expresses a
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "accounts for" in the given sentence is:1) be the reason
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "results" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?"
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recent" is:2) of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decades" in the given sentence is:1) a period of
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts; not complex
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "partial" in the given sentence is:1) being or affecting only
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "displayed" in the given sentence is:1) to show, make visible
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Americans" in the given sentence is:1) a native or inhabit
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assumptions" from the given options is:1) a statement that is assumed to
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brands" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "political" in the given sentence is:1) involving or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "agents" in the given sentence is:2) a representative who acts
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given context is:2) having the supreme power
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brand" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minimalist" in the given sentence is:2) advocating minimal reforms
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized body
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "virtues" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of doing what is right
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:1) confined to particular persons
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "markets" in the given sentence is:1) the world of commercial
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "vices" in the given sentence is:1) moral weaknessIn
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brand" in the given sentence is:2) a recognizable kind
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "intervention" in the given sentence is:2) a policy of intervening in
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition of "remedy" that fits the context of the sentence is:2) provide relief for
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable dictionary definition of "excesses" in the given sentence is:2) immoderation as a consequence
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable dictionary definition of "attendant" in this context is:2) following or accompanying as a consequenceIn
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "pursuit" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:1) confined to particular persons or
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition of "interest" in the given sentence is:2) a reason for wanting something doneIn
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "have" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "responsibilities" in the given context is:2) the proper sphere or extent of your
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "voting" in this context is:1) express one's preference for a candidate or
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "office" in the given context is:2) an administrative unit of governmentThis definition
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dealing" in the given sentence is:3) take action with respect to
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The correct answer is definition 1: "an important question that is in dispute and must be settled." In the given
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "actions" in the given sentence is:9) an act by a government body or sup
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "casting" in the given context is:1) put or send forthThis definition is
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The correct answer is definition 1) a choice that is made by counting the number of people in favor of each alternative.
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "legislation" that identifies its meaning in the given context is:1) law enacted by
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "imposes" in the given context is:2) impose something unpleasant
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "costs" in the given sentence is:1) the total spent
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The correct definition is 2) present. "Confer" or "confer" is often used as a synonym for
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given context is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "population" in the given sentence is:4) the number of inhabitants (either
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attending" in the given sentence is:1) get down to
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition of "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given context is:1) work done by one person or group that
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition of "Republican" is:1) relating to or belonging to the
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "representatives" in the given sentence is:1) a person who represents others
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "belief" in the given sentence is:1) any cognitive content held
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "minimalist" in the given sentence is:2) advocating minimal reforms (as in government
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized body
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "willing" in the given sentence is:1) disposed or inclined towardThis definition
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "engage" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or participate
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the sentence is:3) representing or appealing to or adapted for the benefit of
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assumptions" in this context is:1) a statement that is assumed to be
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hold" in the given sentence is:15) be valid, applicable
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionIn this context,
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "face" in the given sentence is:1) deal with (something unpleasant)
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "have" in the given sentence is:15) get something; come into
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "incentive" in the given context is:1) a positive motivational influenceIn
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lean" in this context is:3) have a tendency or disposition to do
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the sentence is:3) representing or appealing to or adapted for the benefit of
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "put" in the given sentence is:2) cause to be in
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of governmentIn the
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "acquire" in the given sentence is:1) come into the
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) keep from happening or arising;
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "bringing home the bacon" in the given context is:2) supply means of
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "comes" in the given sentence is:2) be relevant toIn this context,
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "making" in the sentence is:1) the act that results in
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "races" in the given sentence is:2) a contest of speed
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "incentive" in the given sentence is:1) a positive motivational
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lean" in the given sentence is:3) have a tendency or
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "limit" in the given sentence is:1) place limits on (extent or
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "particular" in the given sentence is:1) unique or specific
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the sentence is:2) the person who holds the office of head of state
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:1) has a good chance
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effective" in the given sentence is:2) able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "preventing" in the given sentence is:2) stop (someone or something
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "individual" in the given sentence is:1) being or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "standing" in the given sentence is:1) social or financial or
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "enhanced" in the given sentence is:2) make better or
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:2) easy and not involved
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true,
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "explain" in the given sentence is:1) make plain and comprehensibleThis definition
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "several" in the given sentence is:1) (used with count nouns
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "things" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "increased" in the given sentence is:1) become bigger or
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "taken" in the given sentence is:5) take on a certain form,
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) earlier than the present
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:1) a vote to select
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "advent" in the given sentence is:1) arrival that has been awaited (especially
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is the governing authority of
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "occupied" in the given sentence is:2) live (in a certain place)In
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "society" in the given sentence is:1) an extended social group having a distinctive
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confronting" in the given sentence is:2) deal with
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competition
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "explains" in the given context is:1) make plain and comprehensibleThis
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hold" in the given sentence is:6) maintain (a theory
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "disdain" is:1) lack of respect accompanied by a feeling
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "love" in the given sentence is:1) have a great affection
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "individual" in the given sentence is:1) being or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "constituents" is:2) a member of a constituency;
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appreciate" in the given sentence is:1) recognize with
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "specific" in the given sentence is:1) (sometimes followed by `to
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wins" in the given sentence is:2) win something through one's effortsThis
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "overall" in the given sentence is:2) including everythingThis
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cost" in the given sentence is:3) value measured by what
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition of "doing" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an actionThis
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suggests" in the given sentence is:3) imply as a possibilityThis definition
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "relative" in the given sentence is:1) estimated by comparison; not absolute
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "have" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of governmentThis definition
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "vulnerable" in the given sentence is:2) susceptible to criticism or persuasion
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or development
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "immune" in the given sentence is:4) (usually followed by
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) an unsuccessful ending
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exception" in the given sentence is:2) an instance that does
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trend" in the given sentence is:3) a general tendency
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) an unsuccessful ending
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "freshman" in this context is:2) any new participant in some activity
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given context is:1) a member of the Republican PartyThis definition is the most
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brought" in the given sentence is:2) cause to come
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "revolution" in the given sentence is:1) a drastic and far-reaching
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "running" in the given sentence is:9) run, stand, or compete for an
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "freshmen" in this context is:2) any new participant in some activityIn
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "placed" in the given sentence is:1) put into a certain
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emphasis" in the given sentence is:1) special importance or significance
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spreading" in the given sentence is:1) distribute or dis
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "revolution" in the given sentence is:1) a drastic and far
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "indicates" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence ofIn this context
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "attracting" in the given sentence is:2) be attractive to
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "candidates" in the given sentence is:2) someone who is considered
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of governmentIn the
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "potential" in the given sentence is:1) existing in possibility
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "candidates" in the given sentence is:2) someone who is considered for something (for
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discouraged" in the given sentence is:2) deprive
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "running" in the given sentence is:9) run, stand,
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "prospect" in the given sentence is:1) the possibility of future successIn
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) an unsuccessful ending
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "opponent" in the given sentence is:1) a contestant that
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "potential" in the given sentence is:2) expected to become or
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "candidates" in the given sentence is:2) someone who is considered
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cognizant
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "works" in the given sentence is:3) have an effect or outcome; often the
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hindered" in the given sentence is:2) hinder or prevent
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attempts" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and conscientious activity
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "competitive" in the given sentence is:1) involving competition or competitiveness
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "slate" in the given sentence is:4) a list of candidates nominated
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "partial" in the given sentence is:1) being or affecting only
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reason" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the cause of
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "held" in the given sentence is:4) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "share" in the given sentence is:3) the allotment of some amount by dividing
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "power" in the given sentence is:1) possession of controlling influenceThis definition fits
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to') having
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "translate" in the given sentence is:6) be equivalent in effect
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "local" in the given context is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "had" in the given sentence is definition 1) have or possess, either
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "strong" in the given sentence is:1) having strength or power greater than average or
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "incentive" in the given sentence is:1) a positive
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "keep" in the given sentence is:21) hold and prevent from
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition of "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of governmentIn this
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suggests" in the given sentence is:3) imply as a
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fared" in the given sentence is:1) proceed or get
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "campaigns" in the given sentence is:1) a race between
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "local" in this context is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with the
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "chamber" in the given sentence is:4) a deliberative
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "expect" in this context is:1) regard something as probable or likelyThis definition
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the Republican PartyThis
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "willing" in the given sentence is:1) disposed or inclined
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "engage" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or participate in an activity;
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:3) representing or appealing to
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "counterparts" in this context is:1) a person or thing having the same function
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "empirical" is:1) derived from experiment and observation rather than
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "support" in the context of "empirical support for this theory" is:
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pieces" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "evidence" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) your basis for
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assumption" in the given context is:1) a statement that is assumed to be
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:1) characterized by or advocating
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "willing" in the given sentence is:1) disposed or inclined
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "engage" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or participate in an activity;
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "colleagues" in the given sentence is:1) an associate
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "First" in the given sentence is:1) before anything elseThis definition
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "personal" in the given sentence is:1) concerning or affecting a particular person
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "staff" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their superior
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) a summary of
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "primary" in this context is:1) of first rank or importance or value; direct
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "duty" in this context is:2) work that you are obliged to perform for
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:1) concerning or affecting a
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "staff" in the given context is:1) personnel who assist their superior in carrying out
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involves" in the given sentence is:3) have as a necessary feature
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "indicates" in this context is:4) give evidence ofIn this sentence,
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "political" in the given context is:2) of or relating to your views about social
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "philosophy" in the given sentence is:2) the rational
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "leads" in the given sentence is:3) tend to or result
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "narrow" in the given sentence is:2) limited in size
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The correct definition is:2) a member of a constituency; a citizen who is represented in a government by officials for whom
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "concerns" in the given sentence is:1) something that interests you
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assumption" in the given sentence is:1) a statement that
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "valid" in the given sentence is:1) well grounded in logic
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "have" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attendance" in the given sentence is:2) the frequency with which
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rates" in the given sentence is:4) a quantity or amount
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reflect" in the given sentence is:6) give evidence of a
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" in this context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual or
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a resource
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition of "devote" in the given sentence is:1) give entirely to a specific person,
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition of "local" in this context is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with the
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "indicate" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence ofIn
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "case" in the sentence "This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "attendance" in the given sentence is:2) the frequency with which a person is present
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rate" in the given sentence is:4) a quantity or amount
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attendance" in the given sentence is:2) the frequency with which a person
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "rate" in the given sentence is:4) a quantity or amount or
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "shown" in the given sentence is:3) provide evidence forThis definition fits the
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:1) a set of data
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "proportion" in the given sentence is:4) the relation between things (or parts
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:1) concerning or affecting a
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "staffs" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their superior in carrying
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "offices" in the given sentence is:1) place of business where professional
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "duties" in the given sentence is:2) work that you are obliged to
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given context is:1) a plan of action adopted by
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "activities" in the given sentence is:1) any specific behavior
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "relative" in the given sentence is:1) estimated by comparison; not absolute
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offices" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of governmentThis
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "examination" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "changes" in the given context is:2) a relational difference between states; especially between
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:1) concerning or affecting a
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "decisions" in the given context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "control" in the given sentence is:1) power to direct or
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "body" in the given sentence is:2) a group of persons associated by
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:1) an organization to gain
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reveals" in the given sentence is:1) make visibleThis definition fits the
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "personal" in the given sentence is:1) concerning or affecting a particular person or his
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "differences" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being unlike or diss
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "noted" in this context is:1) make mention ofThis definition fits the
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "table" in the given context is:1) a set of data arranged in rows and
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	The correct answer is:1) attribute or credit toThe word "attributed" in the given sentence means to assign
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "control" in the given sentence is:1) power to direct or determineThis definition
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the sentence is:1) a member of the Democratic PartyIn the context
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "exercise" in this context is:1) put to useIn this sentence, "
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "status" in the given sentence is:1) the relative position or
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "resources" in the given sentence is:2) a source of aid
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "staff" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "piece" in the given sentence is:2) an item that is an instance of some
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Holding" in the given sentence is:1) keep in a certain state, position
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "factors" in the given sentence is:6) an independent variable in statistics
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "constant" in the given context is:1) unvarying in nature
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "incumbency" in the given sentence is:1) the term during which some position
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regional" in the given sentence is:2) related or limited
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes causally to a
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "difference" in the given sentence is:2) a variation that deviates from the standard
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "popular" in the given sentence is:2) carried on by or for the people (
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "states" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conducting" in the given sentence is:1) direct the course
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:1) a vote to select
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The correct answer is: 1) be shown or be found to beThe sentence "the difference between popular votes for
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition of "positive" in this context is:8) reckoned, situated or tending in the
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics)
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:2) weight to be
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "progressive" in the given sentence is:3) (of taxes
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hits" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely.
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "higher" in this context is:1) greater than normal in degree or intensity
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable dictionary definition of "states" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Put" in the given sentence is:2) cause to be in a certain state;
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "candidates" in the given sentence is:2) someone who is considered
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "looked on" in the given sentence is:2) look on
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "candidates" in the given sentence is:2) someone who is considered for something
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "severe" in the given context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true,
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "take" in the given sentence is:6) interpret something in a certain way; convey
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "federal" in the given sentence is:1) national; especially in
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lines" in the sentence is:29) a conceptual separation or distinction
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reverse" in the given sentence is:1) a relation of direct
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "investigation" in the given sentence is:2) the work of
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reveals" in the given sentence is:2) make known to the public information that
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "holding" in the given sentence is:1) keep in a certain state,
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "factors" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes causally to a
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "constant" in this context is:1) unvarying in natureIn the sentence
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "difference" in the given sentence is:5) the number that remains
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "major" in the given sentence is:1) of greater importance or stature or rank
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:1) an organization to gain political
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vote" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The correct definition for "going" in the given sentence is:2) follow a procedure or take a courseIn the
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "share" in the given sentence is:3) the allotment of
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:5) an official assembly having legislative powersThis
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "positive" in the given sentence is:9) greater than zeroIn
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The correct answer is 1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition of "state" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "federal" in the given context is:1) national; especially in reference to the
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "levels" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "part" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "irrational" in the given sentence is:1) not consistent
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behavior" in the given sentence is:4) (psychology)
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "display" in the given sentence is:1) to show, make
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rational" in the given sentence is:1) consistent with or
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "long" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "devastating" in the given sentence is:1) cause extensive
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "earthquake" is:1) shaking and vibration at the surface of
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The correct definition is:1) someone who lives at a particular place for a prolonged period or who was born thereThis
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sought" (not "searched") is:1) try to locate or discover
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "comfort" in the given sentence is:3) the act of consoling; giving relief
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "solace" in the given sentence is:1) the comfort you
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:3) the display that is electronically created on the surface of the large
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "made" in the sentence is: 3) make or cause to be or to become.
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence would be:1) a machine for performing calculations automaticallyThis definition fits the
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "link" in the given sentence is:2) connect, fasten
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "computers" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vivid" in the given sentence is:1) evoking lif
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "came" in the given sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive by
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "electronic" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The correct definition is:2) someone who contracts to receive and pay for a service or a certain number of issues of a
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in; be an inhabit
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to 1
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "came" in the given sentence is:6) move upwardIn this context, "
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The correct definition of "teemed" in the given sentence is:1) be teeming, be abuzzIn
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emotional" in the given sentence is:2) of more than
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of the newsIn
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "electronic" in the given context is:1) of or relating to electronics
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "traffic" in the given sentence is:1) the aggregation of things (pedestrians
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:7) a reading of a point in time as
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Time" in the given context is:7) a reading of a point in time as
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "subscribers" is:2) someone who contracts to receive and pay
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "identify" in the given sentence is:1) recognize as being; establish the
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "avenues" in the given sentence would be:1) a line of approachIn
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:2) a structure consisting of
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "old" in the given sentence is:2) of long duration;
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The correct answer is definition 1: a structure that has a roof and walls and stands more or less permanently in one place
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "heart" in the given sentence is:2) the hollow muscular organ
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fallen" in the given sentence is:23) lose an upright position suddenly
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "poster" in the given sentence is:1) a sign posted in a
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frames" in the given sentence is:10) a framework that supports and protects a picture
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "glass" in the given sentence is:1) a brittle transparent solid
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:4) the ground on which
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "open" in the given sentence is definition 3: "with no protection or
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favorite" in the given sentence is:2) preferred above all others
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "start" in the given sentence is:8) get going or set
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "felt" in the given sentence is:3) perceive by a physical sensation,
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "begin" in the given sentence is:3) set in motion, cause to start
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "glanced" in the given sentence is:1) throw a glance
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:2) nearest in space or position;
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiled" in the given sentence is:2) express with a smile
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "guilty" in the given context is:2) showing a sense
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The correct answer is:2) articulate silently; form words with the lips onlyIn this context, "mouthed"
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "words" in the given sentence is:2) a brief statement.
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Earthquake" in the given sentence is:1) shaking and vibration
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "long" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the tem
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes" in the given sentence is:2) require (time or space)In the
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pass" in the given sentence is:2) move pastIn the context
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shaking" in the given sentence is:2) move with or
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "child" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "toy" in the given sentence is:1) an artifact designed to be played with
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "block" in the given sentence is:1) a solid piece of
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tossed" in the given sentence is:4) move or stir
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "library" in the given sentence is:3) a depository built to contain books and
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hit" in the sentence "I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit" is
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Endless" in the given sentence is:1) tiresomely
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short timeThis
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wondering" in the given sentence is:2) place in doubt or
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass"
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "buckle" in the given sentence is:3) bend out of shape,
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shower" in the given sentence is:2) spray or sprinkle
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "glass" in the given sentence is:1) a brittle transparent solid
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "books" in the given sentence is:2) physical objects consisting of a number of pages
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fell" in the given sentence is:2) move downward and lower, but
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "paint" in the given sentence is:1) a substance used as
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shop" in the given sentence is:2) small workplace where hand
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fire" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sent" in the given sentence is:3) cause to be directed or transmitted
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cloud" in the given sentence is:1) any collection of particles
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "black" in the given sentence is:1) being of the ach
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smoke" in the given sentence is:2) a hot vapor containing fine
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "air" in the given sentence is:1) a mixture of gases
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "shook" in the given sentence is:2) move with or as
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like hell" in the given sentence is:2) used ironically to indicate the opposite of
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger" is
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "getting" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "exploding" in the given sentence is:9) burst and release energy as
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burning" in the given sentence is:1) destroy by fire
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "things" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "peaceful" in the given sentence is:1) not disturbed by strife or turmoil or
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `of') a
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "car" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off"
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alarms" in the given sentence is:2) a device that signals the occurrence of
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "went off" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:2
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cats" in the given sentence is:1) feline mammal usually having thick soft
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fine" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "nervous" in the given sentence is:2) causing or fraught
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fire" in the given sentence is:3) the process of combustion of inflammable materials
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fill" that matches the context of the sentence is:2) any material that fills a
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "liquefy" in the given sentence is:1) become liquid
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "able" in the given sentence is:3) having inherent physical or
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) use one's feet to advance; advance by stepsThis
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "window" in the given sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal that contains
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:2) a structure consisting of
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks)
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "level" in this context is:8) a structure consisting of a room or set of
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "house" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is:
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "ground" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "driving" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicleThis
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for haulingThis
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "red light" in the given sentence is:2) the signal to stopThis definition
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "corner" in the given sentence is:4) the intersection of two streetsThis definition
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hit" in the given sentence is:2) hit against; come into sudden contact with
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "part" in the sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:1) look attentivelyIn this context
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "waving" in the given sentence is:2) move or swing
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "head" in the given sentence is:7) the top of something
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:8) space for movement
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "drive" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicleIn the
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ft." in the given sentence is:2) a linear unit of
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pier" in the sentence "Was 300 ft. out on
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:2) sensational in appearance or thrilling in effectIn this context,
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hairline" in the given sentence is:1) a very thin lineThis definition
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cracks" in the given sentence is:7) a blem
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Ruined" in the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing" is:1
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damn" in the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing" is:
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:2) a structure consisting of
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parts" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "head" in the given sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is:7) break
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "thought" in the given sentence is: 2) expect, believe, or
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:3) be brought to or as if to the point of death by
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decide" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "come" in the sentence "I couldn't decide if I should come home
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the sentence is:7) an environment offering affection and
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stilts" in the given sentence is:1) a column of wood
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make, or come to
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "smell" in the given sentence is:1) the sensation that
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "gas" in the given sentence is:3) a volatile flammable mixture of
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "passed" in the given sentence is:11) pass over, across, or
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crossing" in the given sentence is:1) travel across or pass over
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "clouds" in the given sentence is:2) a visible mass
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:1) an indentation of a shoreline larger than a
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fire" in the given sentence is:3) the process of combustion
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "felt" in the sentence "I have felt many aftershocks" is:
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) the posterior part of a human (or animal) body from
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hands" in the given sentence is:1) the (prehens
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:2) move with or as if with a
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "think" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just be
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "shaking" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftersh
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the sentence "I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "believe" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen,
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "corner" in the sentence is:9) a projecting part where two
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damageThis definition fits the context
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "old" in the given sentence is:1) (used especially of persons) having lived
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lady" in the given sentence is:1) a polite name for
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "old" in the given sentence is:1) (used especially of persons) having lived
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mother" in the given sentence is:3) a term of address for an elderly woman
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Books" in the given sentence is:2) physical objects consisting of
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "typed" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of a keyboard with types
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "standing" in the given sentence is:5) (of persons) on the feet;
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "position" in the given sentence "This being typed in a standing position" is:4
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "feel" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thing" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveIn this context,
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "strange" in the given sentence is:1) being definitely out of the
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bird" in the given sentence is:1) warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "behavior" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Duck" in the sentence "Duck swarms" is:
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "swarms" in the given sentence is:2) a group of many things in the
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "felt" in the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seconds" in the given sentence is:1) 1/60 of a minute;
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "numb" in the given sentence is:1) lacking sensation
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "town" in the given sentence is:1) an urban area with
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phones" in the given sentence is:1) electronic equipment that converts
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mess" in the given sentence is:1) a state of confusion
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "wine" in the given sentence is:1) fermented juice (of grapes
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floors" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "big" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size or number
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "old" in the given sentence is:2) of long duration; not newThis
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quivers" in the given sentence is:2) a shaky motionIn this context
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "unpredictable" among the given options is:3) not occurring at expected times
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intervals" in the given sentence is:1) a definite length
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mouse" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous small
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "living" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in; be
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "taken" in the given sentence is:8) take into one's possessionIn the
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "refuge" in the given sentence is:3) a shelter from
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "distressed" in the given sentence is:4) afflicted with or marked by anxious une
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rolled" in the sentence "I was in Stinson Beach when the
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "town" in the given sentence is:1) an urban area with a fixed boundary that
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "things" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ran" in the given sentence is:2) flee; take to one's heels;
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "door" in the given sentence is:3) anything providing a means
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spent" in the given sentence is:1) pass time in a
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time or order
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:4) observe with attentionIn this context
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "brick" in the given sentence is:1) rectangular block of clay baked by
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "feet" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the leg
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flowers" in the given sentence is:2) reproductive organ of angiosperm plants especially
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "waving" in the given sentence is:3) move in a wavy pattern or
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rhythm" in the given sentence is:2) recurring at regular
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Amazing" in the given sentence is:1) surprising greatlyThis definition fits the context
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "does" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an actionIn
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence is:2) a single person or thingThis is
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "one" in the given sentence is:2) a single person or
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "looked" in the given sentence is:2) give a certain impression or have a
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "calm" in the given sentence is:1) not agitated; without
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "surreal" in the given sentence is:2) resembling a
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "low" in the given sentence is:1) less than normal in degree or intensity or
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "confusion" in the given sentence is:2) a mental state characterized
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "continued" in the given sentence is:1) continue a certain state, condition
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "night" in the given context is:1) the time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "doing" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sound" in the given sentence is:3) mechanical vibrations transmitted by an elastic medium
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lights" in the given sentence is:2) any device serving as
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "friend" in the given sentence is:1) a person you know well and
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "underground" in the given sentence is:1) under the level of the ground
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "computer" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for performing
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "center" in the given sentence is:11) a place where some
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hit" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in wordsThis definition fits the
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations automatically.In the sentence, "
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sliding" that identifies the meaning of the word in the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical or mental
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "let" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Can
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sounds" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "head" in the given sentence is:7) the top of something
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "walking" in the given sentence is:1) use one's feet
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "roof" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that covers or
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveThis
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "car" in the given sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bouncing" in the given sentence is:3) move up and down repeatedly
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen,
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screamed" in the given sentence is:1) utter a sudden loud cry
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building where something is shelter
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "doors" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding barrier that
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "feet" in the given sentence is:2) a linear unit of
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "came" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stood" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "watching" in the given sentence is:4) observe with attentionThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "outside" in the given sentence is:4) located, suited for, or taking place
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dance" in the given sentence is:2) move in a pattern; usually
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stood" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "praying" in the given sentence is:2) call upon in
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "come" in the given sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by movement or
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive; the course
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "saw" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the power
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pictures" in the sentence is:10) a representation of a person
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "began" in the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 880
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cry" in the given sentence is:2) shed tears because of sadness
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "walking around" in the given context is:2) walk around somethingThis definition implies
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "drinking" in the given sentence is:2) consume alcoholIn
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting down" in the given sentence is:1) take a seatThis definition
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "meet" in the given sentence is:2) get together socially or for
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "clients" in the given sentence is:2) someone who pays for
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" in the given sentence is:1) a pair who associate with one another
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "started" in the given sentence is:3) leaveHowever, in the
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "the building started shaking like crazy" is:3) shake or vibrate rapidly
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "flimsy" in the given sentence is:1) lacking solidity or strengthIn
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "structure" in the given sentence is:1) a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "built" in the given sentence is:6) give form to, according to
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "supports" in the given sentence is:7) a supporting structure that holds up or provides
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rocking" in the given sentence is:1) move back and
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "breathing" in the given sentence is:1) draw air into
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "moment" in the given sentence is:1) a particular point in time
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "kept" in the given sentence is:2) continue a certain state, condition
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "coming" in the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "say" in the given sentence is:1) express in words.In this context,
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "session" in the given sentence is:3) a meeting devoted to
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "family" in the given sentence is:2) primary social group;
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "spent" in the given sentence is:1) pass time in a specific way
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "knowing" in the sentence "Biggest trouble was scared family who could
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "started" in the sentence "Judy and I were in our back yard when
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rolling" in the given sentence is:11) move in a w
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ocean" in the given sentence is:1) a large body
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waves" in the given sentence is:1) one of a series of rid
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ran" in the given sentence is:2) flee; take to one's heels;
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building where something is sheltered or
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "get" in the sentence is:21) acquire as a result of some
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "tremor" in the given sentence is:2) a small earthquake
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "threw" in the given sentence is:1) propel through the air
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "air" in the given sentence is:2) the region above the groundThis definition
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bounced" in the given sentence is:1) spring back; spring away
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tried" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attempt
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "full" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crystal" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Books" in the given sentence is:2) physical objects consisting of a number
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tapes" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "room" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room"
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "thing" in the given sentence is:12) a separate and self-contained entityThis
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "structure" in the given sentence is:2) the manner of construction of something and the
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "standing" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is:2) a small earthquakeIn this
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emerging" in the given sentence is:4) come up to
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ground" in the given sentence is:3) the loose soft material
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "amazing" in the given sentence is:1) surprising greatly
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "second" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short timeThis definition fits
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "change" in the given sentence is:1) cause to change; make different; cause
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive; the course
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "guess" in the given sentence is:1) expect, believe, or supposeIn
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "living" in the given sentence is:3) continue to live through hardship or
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical or mental
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "accept" in the given sentence is:7) tolerate or accommodate oneself
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the verb "took" in the given sentence is:2) require (time or space)
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seconds" in the given sentence is:1) 1/60
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wonder" in the given sentence is:1) have a wish
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to') having
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "relax" in the given sentence is:1) become less tense, rest, or
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Flesh" in the given sentence is:1) the soft tissue
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "goes" in the given sentence is:4) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flight" in the given sentence is:4) the act of escaping
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fight" in the given sentence is:2) the act of fighting
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Nausea" is:1) the state that precedes vomiting
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "commonplace" in the given sentence is:1) completely ordinary and unremark
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "symptom" is:2) anything that accompanies X and is regarded
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "quiet" in the given sentence is:1) characterized by an absence
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the verb "walked" in the given sentence is:4) traverse or cover by walking
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "morning" in the given sentence is:1) the time period between
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Next" in the given sentence is:2) nearest in space or position;
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bundled" in the given sentence is:1) make into a bundle
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "blue" in the given sentence is definition 1: "of the color intermediate between green
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sat up" in the given sentence is:2) change to an upright sitting position
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "said" in the given sentence is:8) utter aloudIn
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "smiled" in the given sentence is:2) express with a
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "said" in the given sentence is:8) utter aloudIn this
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "great" in the given sentence is:3) remarkable or out of the ordinary in degree
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing lifeIn
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "agreed" in the given sentence is:1) be in accord
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to reduce emissions"
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "plan" in the given sentence is:1) a series of steps
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "emissions" in the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to reduce emissions
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "focus" in the given sentence is:1) the concentration of attention or energy on something
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information (especially
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reductions" in the given sentence is:1) the act of decreasing
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:2) weight to be
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "term" in the given sentence is:2) a limited period of timeIn the
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "text" in the given sentence is:4) the main body of
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "basis" in the given sentence is:1) a relation that provides the foundation for something
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "obstacles" in the given sentence is:2) an obstruction that stands
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "path" in this context is:1) a course of conductThis definition fits the
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advance" in the given sentence is:2) a change for the
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "negotiation" is:1) a discussion intended to produce an
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a resource
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "leaders" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rules
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:2) wealth reckoned in
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ones" in the given sentence is:2) a single person or
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The correct definition of "term" in the given sentence is:2) a limited period of timeIn this context,
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "range" in the given sentence is:6) a variety of different
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "options" in the given sentence is:2) one of a number of things from which
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "questions" in the given sentence is:3) a sentence of inquiry that asks for a
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upper limit" in the given sentence is:1) the largest possible quantityThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "temperature" in the given sentence is:1) the degree of hot
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rise" in the given sentence is:1) a growth in strength
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `of
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flexibility" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:3) the federal government of the United States
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representative" in the given sentence is:2) an advocate who represents someone else's
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "negotiation" in the given context is:1) a discussion
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "text" in this context is:1) the words of something writtenThis definition is
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "official" in this context is:1) a worker who holds or is invested with an
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "picture" in the given context is:3) a clear and telling mental image
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "outlines" in this context is:3) a schematic or preliminary planThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "emissions" in the given context is:2) a substance that is emitted or released
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "levels" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "period" in the given sentence is:1) an amount of timeIn this context
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:3) the people who live
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "flood" in the given context is:1) the rising of a body of water
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "drought" among the given options is:1) a shortage of rainfall
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "envoy" in this context is:2) someone sent on a mission to
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cuts" in the given sentence is:19) the act of reducing
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is emitted or released
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ones" in this context is:2) a single person or thingIn this sentence
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "move" in the given sentence is:3) a change of position that
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bush administration" in this context is:2) the executive under President George W. Bush
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "officials" in the given sentence is:1) a worker who
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "United States" from the given options is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cuts" in the given sentence is:19) the act of reducing the amount or number
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "observers" in the given sentence is:2) an expert who
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "comments" in the given sentence is:1) a statement that expresses
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "America" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "battle" in the given sentence is:3) an open clash between two opposing groups (
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "economies" in the given sentence is:1) the system
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "obligations" in the given sentence is:1) the social force that binds you
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nations" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a whole
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "imperative" in the given context is:2) some duty that is essential and
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "costs" in the given sentence is:1) the total spent for goods
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Central America" is:2) the nations of Central America collectively
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" is:1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "impact" in this context is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "participants" in the given sentence is:1) someone who takes part
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "draft" in the given sentence is:5) any of the various versions in the development
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "proposal" in the given sentence is:1) something proposed (such as a plan or
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "morning" in the given sentence is:1) the time period
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "negotiations" in this context is:1) a discussion intended to produce an agreement
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behalf" in this context is:1) as the agent of or on someone's
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pressure" in the given sentence is:2) a force that compelsIn this
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of action intended
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "China" in the given context is:1) a communist nation that covers a
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "urgency" in the given sentence is:2) pressing importance requiring
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:1) a worker who holds or is invested
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minister" in the given sentence is:2) a person appointed
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "planes" in the given sentence is:1) an aircraft that has
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "halls" in the given sentence is:13) a large building
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "meetings" in the given sentence is:4) the social act
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "week" in this context is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "gathering" in the given sentence is:1) a group of persons together
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in timeIn
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shows" in the given sentence is:1) the act of publicly exhibiting or entertaining
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "draft" in the given sentence is:5) any of the various versions in the development
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proposals" in the given sentence is:1) something proposed
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "paper" in the given sentence is:4) a medium for written
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stimulating
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or degree; the property
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ministers" in the given sentence is:2) a person appointed
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "The heavyweights are coming" is definition 4) a very large person;
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Israel" in the given sentence is:1) Jewish republic in southwestern
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "losses" in the given sentence is:4) the disadvantage that results from losing something
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The correct answer is number 10: a unit of counting in scoring a game or contest.
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "top" in this context is:5) the highest level or degree attainable; the
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "absences" in the given sentence is:2) failure to be present
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sharing in the
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:3) the concluding parts of
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sidelines" in the given sentence is:3) an auxiliary activity
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `of
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "triumph" in the given sentence is:1) a successful
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "favor" in the given sentence is:2) an advantage to the benefit of
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "baskets" in the given sentence is:4) a score in
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "perimeter" in the given context is:1) the boundary line
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speculation" in the given sentence is:2) a hypothesis that
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scorers" in the given sentence is:1) a player
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:3) the concluding parts of an event
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "quarter" in the given sentence is:3) (football, professional
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "whistles" in the given context is:2) the act of signalling (e.g
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "return" in the given sentence is:3) the occurrence of a change in direction back
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The correct definition is: 7) (sports) the score by which a team or individual is winning.In the given
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) a unit of counting in scoring a game
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "points" in the given sentence is:10) a unit of counting in scoring
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "night" in the given context is:4) the dark part of the diurnal cycle
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pressure" in the given sentence is:2) a force that compelsIn this
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "couple" in the given sentence is:3) a small indefinite
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "plays" in the given sentence is:3) a preset plan of action in
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "help" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lead" in the given sentence is:7) (sports) the
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "end" in the given sentence is:3) the concluding parts of an event or occurrence
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "quarter" in the given sentence is:3) (football, professional basketball)
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "line" in the given sentence is:20) in games or sports; a
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "season" in the given sentence is:2) one of the natural periods into which the
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Wall Street" in the given sentence is:1) a street in
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollar" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heading" in the given sentence is:1) a line of text serving to indicate what
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "indicators" in the given sentence is:1) a number or
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollar" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figures" in the given sentence is:7) an amount of money expressed numerically
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "predominance" in the given sentence is:1) the state
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "volumes" in the given sentence is:3) physical objects consisting
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (or 366)
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trend" in the given sentence is:1) a general direction
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "publication" in the given sentence is:3) the communication of something
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "indicators" in the given sentence is:1) a number or
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in the aggregateThis
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "relation" in the given sentence is:6) (usually plural) mutual dealings or connections
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "recovery" in this context is:1) return to an original stateThis definition
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) an expert who studies financial data (
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "month" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "row" in the given sentence is:6) a continuous chronological succession without an interruption
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "confidence" in the given sentence is:1) freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "month" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "estimates" in the given sentence is:1) an approximate calculation
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "index" in the given sentence is:2) a number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "indices" in the given sentence is:2) a number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rise" in the given sentence is:1) a growth in strength
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dollar" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit in
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "high" in the given sentence is:1) a lofty level or position or
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:6) the oppressive condition of physical
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The correct definition is:2) a social group that forms part of the society or the economyIn the given sentence,
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "situation" in the given sentence is:1) the general state of
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that documents
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ground" in the sentence "Technology securities have thereby lost some ground" is:
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Treasury" in the given sentence is:3) negotiable debt
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bond" in the given sentence is:2) a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "yields" in the given sentence is:3) an amount of
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "evening" in this context is:1) the latter part of the day (the
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bond" in the given sentence is:2) a certificate of debt
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yields" in this context is:3) an amount of a productIn finance
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evening" in this context is:1) the latter part of the day
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "concerns" in the given sentence is:2) an anxious feelingIn this
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "violence" in the given sentence is:3) a turbulent state resulting in injuries and
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "instability" in the given context is:3) a lack of balance or state of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "auctions" in the given sentence is:2) the public sale of something to the
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Russia" is:4) a federation in northeastern Europe and northern Asia
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "oil" in the given sentence is:1) a slippery or viscous liquid or lique
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The correct answer is definition 1: a period of 10 years.The word "decades" refers to a period
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "war" in the given context is:1) the waging of armed conflict against an
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sanctions" in the given sentence is:2) a mechanism of
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stakes" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right or legal share
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "auction" in the given sentence is:2) the public sale of
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bid" in the given sentence is:3) a formal proposal to buy at a specified
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fields" in the sentence "Two American companies reached deals for fields auctioned in
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "representation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of representing; standing in for
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "oil" in the given sentence is:1) a slippery or visc
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "giants" in the sentence is:3) an unusually large enterprise
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) an expert who studies financial
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "doors" in the given sentence is:3) anything providing a means of access (or
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "war" in the given sentence is:1) the waging of
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:2) North American republic
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "editor" in the given sentence is:1) a person responsible for
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important eventsThis
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "outlet" in the given sentence is:3) an opening that permits escape or release
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Concerns" in the given sentence is:2) an anxious feeling
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "security" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bombings" in the given sentence is:1) an attack by
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instability" in the given sentence is:3) a lack of
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) the executive and
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) an expert who
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:2) North American republic
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "energy" in the given sentence is:6) any source of usable
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department under the direction of
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in this context is:2) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ties" in the given sentence is:2) a social or business relationshipIn this
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bid" in the given sentence is:5) make a serious effort
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between two
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stakes" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right or
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between two or more persons
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fields" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land or
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "power" in the given sentence is:1) possession of controlling influence
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "par" in the given sentence is:2) a state of being
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commitments" in the given sentence is:2) the act of binding yourself (intel
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bids" in the given sentence is:3) a formal proposal
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "offers" in the given sentence is:2) something offered (as
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "barrel" in the given sentence is:2) a cylindrical container
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fee" in the given sentence is:1) a fixed charge for
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "output" in the given sentence is:4) the quantity of something
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "levels" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "field" in the given sentence is:3) somewhere (away from
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "banks" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:2)
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "support" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shackles" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "support" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of providing for or maintaining by
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "protection" in the given sentence is:3) defense against financial failure; financial independence
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fund" in this context is:1) a reserve of money set aside for
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "amount" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of moneyThis definition is
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "broadcaster" in the given sentence is:1) someone who broadcasts on
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the sentence is:4) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "support" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of providing for or maintaining by
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "institutions" in the given sentence is:1) an organization founded and united
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "restrictions" in the given sentence is:2) an act of
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "acceptance" in the given sentence is:4) (contract law
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:2) wealth reckoned in
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "limits" in the given sentence is:6) the greatest amount of something that is possible
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "manager" in the given sentence is:1) someone who controls resources
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bonuses" is:2) an additional payment (or other rem
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "charges" in the given sentence is:8) financial liabilities (such as
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "loans" in the given sentence is:1) the temporary provision of
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rest" in the given sentence is:1) something left after other parts have been taken
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "amount" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of moneyThis definition is
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "sale" in the given sentence is:1) a particular instance of selling
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "height" in the given sentence is:2) the highest level or degree attain
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crisis" in the given sentence is:1) an unstable situation
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "investment" in the sentence is:1) the act of investing;
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cash" in the given sentence is:1) money in the form
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "liabilities" in the given sentence is:2) an obligation to
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the sentence is:4) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "capital" in the given sentence is:2) wealth in the form
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "increase" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or longer or
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "circles" in the given sentence is:2) an unofficial association of people
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "support" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of providing for or
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Appeal" in the sentence "Cheshire Appeal Will Point to Twitter" is
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rows" in the given sentence is:1) an arrangement of objects or people side by
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "testimony" in the given sentence is:3) something that serves
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "In the end" in the given sentence is:2) as the
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "defense" in the given sentence is:7) the defendant and his legal advisors collectively
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "messages" in the given sentence is:2) what a communication that
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rape" in the given sentence is:3) the crime of forcing
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beds" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something is sheltered
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "members" in the given sentence is:2) anything that belongs to a set
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "family" in the given sentence is:1) a social unit living together.This definition
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:3) the concluding parts of an
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "imposition" in the given sentence is:2) an uncalled
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" is:1) a body of citizens sworn to give a
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "filings" in the given sentence is:1) the entering of
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "courts" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of using
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "circus" in the given sentence is:3) a frenetic
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "atmosphere" in the given sentence is:1) a particular
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "details" in the given sentence is:3) extended treatment of particulars
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "jury" in the given context is:1) a body of citizens sworn to give a
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "passions" in the given sentence is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "claim" in the given sentence is:1) an assertion of a right (as to
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judges" is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "question" in the given sentence is:2) the subject matter at
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or actionThis
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "danger" in the given sentence is:1) the condition of being
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inclusion" in the given sentence is:2) the relation of comprising somethingIn
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "individual" in the given sentence is:1) a human being
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "rights" in the given sentence is:7) anything in accord with principles
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:1) a body of citizens
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "passion" in the given sentence is:4) an irrational but
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "last word" in the given sentence is:1) the final statement in a
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The correct definition is:1) a period of 10 yearsThis definition is the most suitable because "decades"
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "questions" in the given sentence is:4) uncertainty about the truth or factuality or
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fairness" in this context is:2) ability to make judgments free from discrimination or
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conviction" in the given context is:2) (criminal law
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Cleveland" in the given context is:1) the largest city in Ohio; located
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion or
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable definition of "carnival" in this context is:2) a frenetic disorganized (and often
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "atmosphere" in the given sentence is:1) a particular
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crime" in the given context is:1) (criminal law) an act
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inspiration" in the given sentence is:1) arousal of the mind to special unusual
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) a final judgment
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of a divisible
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The correct answer is 1) a period of 100 years. The sentence mentions "half a century later," which
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "argument" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive for
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "concern" in the given sentence is:1) something that interests you because it is
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Connecticut" is:1) a New England state; one of
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judges" is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "communication" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of communicating; the activity of
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "execution" in the given sentence is:1) putting a condemned person
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Judge" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reactions" in the given sentence is:5) a response that reveals a
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "victims" in the given sentence is:1) an unfortunate
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pressure" in the given sentence is:2) a force that compelsIn this
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:1) a body of citizens
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "interest" in the given sentence is:3) the power of attracting or holding one's
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "challenge" in the given sentence is:3) questioning a statement and demanding an
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "month" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important eventsThis
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Connecticut" in the given sentence is:1) a New England
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "election" in the given context is:1) a vote to select the winner of a
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "campaign" in the given sentence is:1) a race between candidates
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is running for
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "courthouse" in the given sentence is:2) a building that
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "focus" in the given sentence is:5) special emphasis attached to
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "journalists" in the given sentence is:1) a writer for newspapers and magazines
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "claim" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is true or factual
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "view" in the given sentence is:5) a personal belief or judgment that is not
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "changes" in the given sentence is:1) an event that occurs when something passes from
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "adaptation" in the given sentence is:2) the process of adapting to something (
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "courts" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided over
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "claim" in the given sentence is:1) an assertion of a right (as to
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "filing" in the given sentence is:1) the entering of
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Supreme Court" is:1) the highest federal court in the
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given context is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or actionThis
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "century" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 100 years
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fraud" is:1) intentional deception resulting in injury to another
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the sentence "Sport and fraud law" is:1
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Tricks" in the given sentence is:1) a cunning or deceitful action or
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "will" in the given sentence is:2) a fixed and persistent
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expulsion" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ink" in the given sentence is:1) a liquid used for
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "minutes" in the given context is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "end" in the given sentence is:3) the concluding parts of an event or occurrence
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "referee" in the given sentence is:1) (sports)
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of sports
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trainer" in the given sentence is:1) one who trains other
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "amounts" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "provocation" in the given sentence is:2) something that inc
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) the set
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "practice" in the given sentence is:1) a customary way of
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a whole
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "football" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) any of various games
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:8) directions that define the
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "debate" among the given options is:1) a discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organization" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nobility" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "honor" in the given sentence is:3) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "acts" in the given sentence is:2) something that people do
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "history" in the given sentence is:2) a record or narrative
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "debate" in the given sentence is:1) a discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular kind
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic generalization that is
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fraud" in the given sentence is:1) intentional deception resulting
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "regulation" in the given sentence is:1) an authoritative ruleThis definition best
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "matter" in the given sentence is:1) a vaguely specified concernThis definition fits
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "spirit" in the given sentence is:2) the general atmosphere of a place or situation
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "spirit" in the given sentence is:7) animation and energy in action or expression.
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "integrity" in the given sentence is:2) moral soundness
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "aspect" in the given sentence is:2) a characteristic to be
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "danger" in the given sentence is:1) the condition of being susceptible to harm or
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "takes advantage" in the given sentence is:1) draw advantages from
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thing" in the given sentence is:12) a separate and self
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:8) directions that define the
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "referee" in the given sentence is:1) (sports)
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "complaints" in the given sentence is:3) an expression
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "question" in the given sentence is:3) a sentence of inquiry
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular kind
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "situation" in the given sentence is:2) a condition or
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefit" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "strategy" in the given sentence is:1) an elaborate and systematic
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period in
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Championship" in the given sentence is:2) a competition at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "participation" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "term" in the given sentence is:2) a limited period of
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "change" in the given sentence is:1) an event that occurs when something passes from
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:8) a judicial proceeding brought by
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cycle" in the given sentence is:3) a periodically repeated sequence
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suspension" in the given sentence is:7) a temporary
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "accumulation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cycle" in the given sentence is:3) a periodically repeated sequence
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rounds" in the given sentence is:2) an interval during which a recurring sequence
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "spirit" in the given sentence is:2) the general atmosphere of a place or situation
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The correct answer is 9) one of the portions into which something is regarded as divided and which together constitute a whole.
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "decisions" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:8) directions that define the
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assumption" in the given sentence is:1) a statement that
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "application" in the given sentence is:1) the act of bringing something to bear;
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion or judgment
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fraud" in the given sentence is:1) intentional deception resulting
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "occasion" in the given sentence is:1) an event that occurs
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expulsions" in the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "transmission" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sending a message;
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The correct definition of "actions" that best fits the context of the sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possibility" in the given sentence is:1) a future prospect
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "types" in the given sentence is:3) (biology) the
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "nutrients" in the given sentence is:1) any substance that can be
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The correct answer is 1) an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control. In the given
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "forms" in the given sentence is:2) a category of things distinguished by some common
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "possibilities" in the given sentence is:1) a future prospect or potentialThis
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organism" in the sentence "This organism has dual capability" is
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "capability" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is definition 2) because it directly describes "ars
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "form" in the given sentence is:12) (physical chemistry) a distinct state of
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "edition" in the given sentence is:1) the form in which
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "journal" in the given context is:2) a periodical dedicated to a particular subject
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "carbon" in the given sentence is:1) an abundant nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "phosphorus" is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metallic
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find" in the given sentence is:2) the act of discovering somethingThis definition
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "search" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of looking
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "study" in the given sentence is:1) a detailed critical inspectionThis definition is
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "details" in the given sentence is:3) extended treatment of particularsIn this context
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "find" in the given sentence is:2) the act of discovering
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speculation" in the given sentence is:2) a hypothesis that
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "environments" in the given sentence is:1) the totality of surrounding conditionsThis
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisms" is:1) a living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "set" in the given sentence is:1) a group of things of the
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Space" in the given context is:4) any location outside the Earth's atmosphere
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Sciences" in the given sentence is:1) a particular branch
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence "Cockell was not part of the
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the sentence "Cockell was not part of the
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "work" in the given sentence is:2) a product produced or accomplished through the effort
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "substitution" in the given sentence is:1) an event in
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "element" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "structure" in the given sentence is:2) the manner of construction
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:1) a detailed critical inspectionThis definition fits
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "levels" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "behavior" in the given sentence is:2) the action or reaction of something (as
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisms" is:1) a living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "hard time" in the given sentence is:1) a difficulty that can be
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more than 100 known
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a mult
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "concentrations" in the given sentence is:1) the strength of a solution
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possibility" in the given sentence is:1) a future prospect
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Earth" in the given context is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "planet" is definition 3: "any celestial body (other than
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "moon" is:6) any natural satellite of a planetThis
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metallic
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "example" in the given sentence is:5) an occurrence of somethingThis definition fits
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "times" in the given sentence is:1) a more or less
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ways" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "part" in the given sentence is:9) a line of scalp that can be seen
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "routine" in the sentence "The democratic routine" is:1) an un
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "backing" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	Based on the sentence "Crime has become a bigger worry than unemployment," the most suitable dictionary definition of "Crime" is:
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "worry" in the given sentence is:1) something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking country in
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "findings" in the given sentence is:3) something that is
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "changes" in the given sentence is:2) a relational difference between states; especially between
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attitude" in the given sentence is:1) a complex mental
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "things" in the given sentence is:12) a separate and self
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "results" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition fits the context
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "mood" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic (habit
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stability" in the given sentence is:3) the quality of being enduring and free
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attitudes" in the given sentence is:1) a complex mental
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "institutions" in the given context is:1) an organization founded and united for a
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "South America" from the given options is:2) the nations of
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:1) a set of data arranged in
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "low" in the given sentence is:3) a low level or position
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "drop" in the given sentence is:3) a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "output" in the given sentence is:4) the quantity of something (as a commodity
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "respondents" in the given sentence is:2) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Brazil" is:1) the largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "democrats" in the given sentence is:2) an advocate of
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "average" in the given sentence is:1) a statistic describing the location of a distribution
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "chart" in the given sentence is:1) a visual display of
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "respondents" is:2) someone who respondsIn this context
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "democracy" is:2) a political system in which the supreme
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "figure" in the given sentence is:9) the property possessed by a
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "increase" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or longer or
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "chart" in the given sentence is:1) a visual display of
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "confidence" in the given sentence is:2) a feeling of trust (
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Congress" in the given sentence is:3) a national legislative assembly
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "government" in the given sentence is:3) (government) the system or form by
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of somethingIn
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "woes" in the given sentence is:1) misery resulting from
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The correct answer is definition 1: the state of the economy declines; a widespread decline in the GDP and employment and trade
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "recovery" in the given sentence is:2) gradual healing (through
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "safety net" in the given sentence is:1) a guarantee of professional
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "proportion" in the given context is:4) the relation between things (or parts
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mood" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic (
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "chart" in the given sentence is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) the largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) the chief executive
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sense" in this context is:1) a general conscious awarenessThis definition fits the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "progress" in the given sentence is:1) gradual improvement or growth or developmentThis
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recession" in the given sentence is:1) the state of
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "polls" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The correct definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:2) someone who respondsIn this context, "
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "whole" in the given sentence is:1) all of something including
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:3) a source of difficulty
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people under a single
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "chart" in the given sentence is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "relative" in the given sentence is:1) a person related by
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "victims" in the given sentence is:1) an unfortunate
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figure" in the given sentence is:9) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The correct definition for "respondents" in the given context is:2) someone who respondsIn this sentence, "
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:5) a process of making
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "chart" in the given sentence is:1) a visual display of
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "system" in the given sentence is:2) a group of independent but
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "respondents" is:2) someone who respondsIn this context
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "view" in the given sentence is:5) a personal belief or judgment that is not
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) the chief executive
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Brazil" is:1) the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking country in
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "leadership" in the given context is:4) the ability to leadThis definition
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "respondents" in the given sentence is:2) someone who respondsIn
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:2) someone who respondsIn this context
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "distinction" in this context is:2) high status importance owing to marked superiority
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in time
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Supreme Court" in the given context is:1) the highest
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "question" in this context is:2) the subject matter at issueIn this sentence
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "justices" in the given context is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dinner" in the given sentence is:2) a party of
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "petitions" in the given sentence is:1) a formal message
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "review" in the given sentence is:8) (law) a judicial reexamination
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "states" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "overhaul" in the given sentence is:2) the act of improving by renewing
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Congress" in the given sentence is:1) the legislature of the
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rallying cry" in the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "argument" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "March" in the given sentence is:1) the month following February
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "race" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionIn the context of the
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "swing" in the given sentence is:4) changing location by moving
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dinner" in the given sentence is:2) a party of people assembled
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) the main meal of the day served in the evening or at
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "law" in the given context is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sponsor" in the given sentence is:1) someone who supports or champions somethingThis
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "giant" in the given sentence is:3) a large enterprise.This
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stake" in the given sentence is:1) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dinner" in the given sentence is:1) the main meal
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the sentence is:1) the capital of the United States in the District of
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) the act of being present (at a meeting or event etc
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Senate" in the given sentence is:2) the upper house of
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "opponent" in the given sentence is:2) someone who offers opposition
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "guests" in the given sentence is:1) a visitor to
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence is:2) a party of people assembled to have dinner together.This is because
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "events" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "years" in the given sentence is:2) a prolonged period of time
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actions" in the sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "code" in the given sentence is:1) a set of rules or principles or laws
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "events" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "organizations" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people who work together
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "speaker" in this context is:1) someone who expresses in language; someone who talks
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:5) an announcement of the events that
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "event" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given place and
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proximity" in the given sentence is:1) the property of
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "interest" in the given sentence is:5) (law) a
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "breach" in the given sentence is:1) a failure to
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "indifference" in the given sentence is:1) unbiased impartial uncon
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "code" in the given sentence is:1) a set of rules or principles
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "claims" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is true or factual
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "president" in this context is:4) the officer who presides at the meetings
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fundraiser" in the given sentence is:2) a social
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "appearance" in the given sentence is:1) outward or visible aspect of a person or
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assistance" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "event" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "regard" in the given sentence is:7) an attitude of admiration or esteem
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "business" in the given sentence is:4) a rightful concern or responsibilityIn the
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "groups" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (members) considered
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conservatives" in the given sentence is:1) a person who is reluctant
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Justice" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "administration" in the given sentence is:4) the tenure of a president
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "indication" in the sentence "Kagan has given no indication she will do
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiarity" in the given sentence is:1) personal knowledge or information about someone
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "side" in the given sentence is:1) a place within a region identified
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the sentence would be:2) the capital and largest city of Costa Rica
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number one" in the given sentence is:2) the first or highest in an ordering
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "games" in the given sentence is:2) a single play of
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "League" in the given sentence is:1) an association of sports
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "year" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time occupying a regular part
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of sports
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "competitions" in the given sentence is:2) an occasion on
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "area" in the given sentence is:1) a particular geographical region
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:2) a relative position or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "peak" in the given sentence is:3) the highest level or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "goalkeeper" among the given options is:2) the defensive position
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "London" among the given options is:1) the capital and largest city of England;
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "goalkeeper" is:2) the defensive position on an ice hockey
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment; the best
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "week" in this context is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis is
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The correct answer is:1) a forward on a soccer teamThis definition is the most suitable for the context of the
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "number" in the sentence is:2) a concept of quantity involving
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "side" in the given sentence is:1) a place within a region identified relative to
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "striker" in the given context is:1) a forward on a soccer
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "games" in the given sentence is:2) a single play of a sport or other
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "side" in the given sentence is:2) one of two or more contesting groups
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "presences" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being present; current
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) something left after other parts have been taken awayIn this
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scorer" in the given sentence is:1) a player who
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "goals" in the given sentence is:4) a successful attempt at scoringThis definition
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in scoring a game
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:2) weight to be
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "economy" in the context of the sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Immigration" among the given options is:1) migration into a place (especially migration
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "aspects" in the given sentence is:1) a distinct feature
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "congestion" in the given context is:2) excessive crow
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "numbers" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compatibility" in the given sentence is:2) capability of existing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "status" in the given sentence is:1) the relative position or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "harassment" in the given context is:2) the act
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "France" in the given sentence is:1) a republic in western Europe; the largest
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "talent" in the given context is:1) natural abilities or
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiters" in this context is:1) a person whose occupation is to serve at
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "viewpoint" in the given sentence is:1) a mental position from
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `of') a
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Left" in the given sentence is:2) those who support varying degrees
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Right" in the given sentence is:4) those who support political
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "subject" in the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Right" in the given sentence is:4) those who support political
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tone" in the given context is:4) the general atmosphere of a place or situation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:2) a member of the
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Left" in the given sentence is:2) those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the given sentence is:1) a republic in western Europe; the largest country
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "misery" in the given sentence is:1) a state of ill-being
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "difference" in the given context is:1) the quality of being unlike or dissimilar
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "generosity" among the given options is:1) the trait of being willing to give
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fear" in the given sentence is:1) an emotion experienced
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "invasion" in the given sentence is:2) any entry into
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "territory" in the given sentence is:3) the geographical area
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hordes" in the given sentence is:1) a vast multitude
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Left" in the given sentence is:2) those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Right" in the given sentence is:4) those who support political or
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sides" in the given sentence is:2) one of two
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "burden" in the given sentence is:2) weight to be borne or conveyed
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "economy" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) the system of
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "society" in the given sentence is:1) an extended social group having a distinctive
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "difference" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "generosity" in the given sentence is:1) the trait of
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "program" in the given sentence is:1) a series of steps
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which some confidence
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an oner
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "problem" in the given sentence is:3) a source of difficultyThis definition is
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "book" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "immigration" is:1) migration into a place (especially migration
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "People" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Migration" in the given context is:1) the movement of persons
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "specialists" in the given sentence is:1) an expert who
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "migration" in the given sentence is:1) the movement of persons
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flows" in the given sentence is:3) the act of flowing
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence would be:1) migration into a place (especially migration to a country of
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "growth" in the sentence "Restraining immigration leads to anaemic growth and
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being employed or having a
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Fears" in the given sentence is:2) an anxious feeling
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ones" in the given sentence is:2) a single person or
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pressure" in the given sentence is:3) the act of pressing; the exertion
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "replacements" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "trades" in the given sentence is:2) the skilled practice of a practical occupation
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shortage" in the given sentence is:1) the property of
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	The correct answer is definition 2) a single person or thing. In the given sentence, "the most highly skilled
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "training" in the given sentence is:1) activity leading to skilled
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "offers" in the given sentence is:2) something offered (as
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "effect" in the given sentence "A positive effect on wages" is:1
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shortage" in the given sentence is:2) an acute ins
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complementarities" in the given sentence is:2) the interrelation of recipro
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arrival" in the given sentence is:2) the act of arriving
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rise" in the sentence is:1) a growth in strength or
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flow" in the given sentence is:2) the amount of fluid
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "increase" in the given sentence is:2) a change resulting in
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "diversity" in the given sentence is:1) noticeable heter
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "creation" in the given sentence is:4) the act of starting something
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ideas" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proportion" in the given sentence is:4) the relation between
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "winners" in the given sentence is:3) a person with
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Yahoo" in the given sentence is:3) a widely used search
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "contributors" in the given sentence is:1) someone who contributes (or promises to contribute
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) a summary of
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Organisation" in the given sentence is:2) a group of people who
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contribution" in the given sentence is:4) an amount of
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "receipts" in this context is:2) an acknowledgment (usually tangible) that payment
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expenditure" is:1) money paid out; an amount
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location of a distribution
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) a summary of
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mandate" in this context is:3) the commission that is given to a government
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "points" in the sentence "Nicolas Sarkozy wished at the start
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "question" in the given sentence is:2) the subject matter at issueIn this
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pound" in the given context is:2) the basic unit of money in Great
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "uproar" in the given sentence is:1) a state of comm
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "pound" in the given sentence is:2) the basic unit of
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problems" in the given sentence is:3) a source of difficulty
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:3) the country or state
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "industry" in the given sentence is:1) the people or companies
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "giant" in the given context is:3) an unusually large enterpriseThis definition
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "disputes" in the given sentence is:1) a disagreement
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bankruptcy" is:2) inability to discharge all your debts as
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute and must be settled
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sale" in the given sentence is:2) the general activity of
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regulator" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "string" in the given sentence is:4) a sequentially ordered set of things or events
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "banks" in the given context is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "promises" in the given sentence is:1) a verbal commitment
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "value" in the given sentence is:3) the amount (of
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that documents a fact
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "crisis" in the given sentence is:1) an unstable situation of extreme danger or
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New York" in the given sentence is:1) the largest city in New York State
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "settlement" in the given sentence is:3) a conclusive resolution of a matter and
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "responsiveness" in the given sentence is:1) responsive to stimulation
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bankruptcies" is:3) a legal process intended to insure
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "deposits" in the given sentence is:4) money deposited in
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "compensation" in the given sentence is:1) something (such as money) given
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "billions" in the given sentence is:1) the number that
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "settlements" in the given sentence is:3) a conclusive
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regulator" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "summer" in the given sentence is:1) the warmest season
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fate" in the given sentence is:1) an event (or a course of
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "height" in the given sentence is:2) the highest level or degree attain
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crisis" in the given sentence is:1) an unstable situation
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wind" in the given sentence is:1) air moving (sometimes
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regulators" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as rightful or due
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compensation" in the given sentence is:1) something (such
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "misconduct" in this context is:1) bad or dishonest management by persons supposed to
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wave" in the given sentence is:2) a movement like that of a sudden occurrence
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as rightful
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "value" in the given sentence is:3) the amount (of money or goods or
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "regulator" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible for control
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "responsibility" in the given sentence is:3) a form of
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sum" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of moneyThis definition is
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intention" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Assessment" in the given sentence is:4) the act of
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "explains" in the given sentence is:1) make plain and comprehensibleThis
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Products" in the given sentence is:1) commodities offered for sale
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Human" in the given sentence is:2) relating to a personThis definition fits
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of using
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature, quality
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "performed" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reach" in the given sentence is:7) reach a goal, e.g.,
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) something (as
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "need" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medical" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the study
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "condition" in the given sentence is:6) an illness, disease
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The correct definition of "leaflet" in this context is a small book usually having a paper cover. In the sentence provided
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contact" in the given sentence is:1) be in or establish communication with
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "doctor" in the given context is:1) a licensed medical practitionerThis definition is
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire for; want
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" is:1) (comparative
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which conclusions may
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "basis" in the given sentence is:1) a relation that provides the foundation for something
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "recommendations" in this context is:1) something (as a course of action)
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Discussion" in the given sentence is:1) an extended communication (
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "powder" in the given sentence is:1) a solid substance in the form of
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "solution" in the given sentence is:1) a homogeneous mixture of
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drip" in the given sentence is:2) let or cause
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "vein" in the given sentence is:1) a blood vessel that
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contains" in the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "active" in the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrexed
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "substance" in the given sentence is:7) a particular kind or species of matter
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the sentence "What is Alimta used for" is:
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "treat" in the given sentence is:3) provide treatment forThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "types" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lining" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "caused" in the given sentence is:1) give rise to; cause to happen
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The correct definition of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or allev
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "removed" in the given sentence is:3) dispose ofIn
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "surgery" is:4) a medical procedure involving an incision
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "alone" in the given sentence is:3) exclusive of anyone or anything else
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spread" in the given sentence is:2) become distributed or widespread
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:1) has a good chance
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "spread" in the context of the sentence is:2) become distributed or widespreadThis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "easily" in the given sentence is:3) indicating high probability
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The correct definition of "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "parts" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The correct answer is 1) the entire structure of an organism (an animal, plant, or human being).In the
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicines" is:2) (medicine) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancer" that identifies its meaning in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition of "advanced" in this context is:2) comparatively late in a course of developmentThis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "affecting" in the given sentence is:1) have an
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical careThis
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the given sentence is:2) subject to a process or treatment,
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or involved
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "obtained" in the given sentence is:1) come into possession of
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "prescription" in the given sentence is:4) written instructions from a
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the sentence "How is Alimta used" is:1
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "given" in the sentence "Alimta should only be given under
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of usingThis definition fits
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dose" in the given sentence is:2) the quantity of
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The correct definition for "mg" is:1) one thousandth (1/1,000) gramThis is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "calculated" in the given sentence is:1) make a mathematical
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patient" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "height" in the given sentence is:3) (of a standing
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "weight" in the given context is:1) the vertical force exerted by a mass
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "given" in the sentence is:19) give (as medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasion
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "every" in the given sentence is:2) each and all of
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lasting" in the given sentence is:1) persist for a specified period of time
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reduce" in the given sentence is:1) cut down on; make a reduction in
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side effects" is:2) any adverse and unwanted secondary effect
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "injections" in the given sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "given" in the sentence is: 11) give or supply.This definition fits the context
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) keep from happening or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fluids" in the given sentence is:2) continuous amorph
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) keep from happening or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dehydration" in the given context is:2) depletion of bodily
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "given" in the sentence is:19) give (as medicine)This definition fits the
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "before" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time;
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "after" in the given sentence is:1) happening at a time subsequent to a reference
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dose" in the given context is:2) the quantity of an active
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "delayed" in the given sentence is:2) act later than
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discontinued" in the given sentence is:1) put an end
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "dose" in the given sentence is:2) the quantity of an
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reduced" in the given sentence is:1) cut down on
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "blood counts" is:1) the number of red and white corpus
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "abnormal" in the given sentence is:1) not normal; not typical or usual
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "have" in the given sentence is:12) suffer from; be
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "certain" in the given sentence is:1) definite but not specified or identified
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side effects" in the given sentence is:2) any adverse and
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of using
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:2) the semantic role of
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "moderate" in the given sentence is:1) being within reasonable
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "severe" in this context is:6) very bad in degree or extentThis
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problems" in the given sentence is:3) a source of difficulty
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The correct dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `much' used
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which conclusions may
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "see" in the given sentence is: 1) perceive by sight
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Product" in this context is:2) an artifact that has been created by someone or
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "active" in the given sentence is:11) (used of verbs (
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "substance" in the given sentence is:7) a particular kind or species of matter
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "medicine" in the given context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "kills" in the given sentence is:9) deprive of lifeThis definition fits
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The correct definition of "cells" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The correct definition of "dividing" in the given context is:2) perform a divisionIn the context of biology
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "converted" in the given sentence is:11) change in nature, purpose, or function
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing a
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "form" in the given sentence is:12) (physical chemistry)
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "blocks" in the given sentence is:2) hinder or prevent the progress or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "producing" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building blocks" in the given sentence is:1) a single und
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "material" in the given sentence is:1) the tangible substance that goes into the makeup
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studied" in the sentence "How has Alimta been studied?" is
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studied" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important element
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:2) the semantic role of an entity that is not
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	The correct answer is 1) earlier in time; previously.The word "before" in the given sentence is used to
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "effects" in the given sentence is:6) a symptom caused by
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The correct answer is 6) a symptom caused by an illness or a drug.In the context of the sentence, "
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note the similarities
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The correct answer is: 2) engage as a participant."Involving" in this context means that the study included
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:2) the semantic role of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "locally" in the given sentence is:2) to a restricted
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advanced" in the given sentence is:2) comparatively late in a course of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a participantThis
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has elapsedThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important element
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "measure" in the given sentence is:2) how much there is or how many there
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "long" in the sentence is:1) for an extended time or
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "survived" in the given sentence is:1) continue to live through hardship or
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefit" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shown" in the given sentence is:3) provide evidence forThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studies" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "increased" in the given sentence is:1) become bigger or
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state of surviving; remaining
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:2) the semantic role of
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survived" in the given sentence is:1) continue to
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:1) a statistic describing the
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effective" in the given sentence is:3) works well as a means or remedy
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" is definition 2: "the semantic role of an
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "average" in the given sentence is:5) relating to or constituting the most frequent
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state of
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "time" in the given sentence is:5) a continuum of experience in which events pass
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:2) a time unit of
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has elapsedThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:5) relating to or constit
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state of surviving; remaining
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:5) a continuum of experience
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "groups" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The correct answer is 1) despite anything to the contrary (usually following a concession).In the given sentence, "However
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:2) the semantic role of
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "affecting" in the given sentence is:1) have an effect upon
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "longer" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or indicating
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "times" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (usually marked
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contrast" in the given sentence is:1) the opposition or diss
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:2) the semantic role of
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the given sentence is:2) act physically on; have an
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shorter" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; indicating
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "times" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The correct answer is 1) of or pertaining to or of the nature of mathematics.This definition fits the context of the
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "capable" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `of')
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "make" in the sentence is:3) make or cause to be
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:2) easy and not involved
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "operations" in the given sentence is:10) (mathematics) calculation by mathematical methods
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "3D" in the given sentence is:2) having a three
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The correct answer is: 1) in actual factIn this sentence, "actually" is used to emphasize that it
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "necessary" in the given sentence is:1) absolutely essentialIn
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know MathML to
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "little" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number or quantity
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the sentence "Here's a screenshot of the Kalgebra
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "window" in the given sentence is:8) (computer science) a rectangular part of
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra main window"
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "window" in the sentence "kalgebra main window" is:8) (
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important elementThis definition is suitable
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "window" in the given sentence is:8) (computer science)
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "consists" in the given sentence is:2) have its essential
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Console" in the given sentence is:2) a scientific instrument consisting
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "3D" in the given sentence is:2) having a three
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Below" in the given sentence is:1) in or to a
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "input" in the given context is:4) a component of production; something that goes
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "functions" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "calculations" in the given sentence is:1) the procedure of
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "understand" in the given sentence is:1) know and comprehend
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "works" in the given sentence is:4) perform as expected when applied
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "best" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thing" in the given sentence is:12) a separate and self
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "input" in the given sentence is:4) a component of production; something that goes
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "converted" in the given sentence is:2) change the nature,
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "necessary" in the given sentence is:1) absolutely essentialIn
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "closely" in the given sentence is:2) in an
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "look" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "very" in the given sentence is:2) precisely soIn
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "similar" in the given sentence is:1) marked by correspondence or resemblance
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Addition" among the given options is:6) the arithmetic operation of summing;
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "subtraction" among the given options is:1) an arithmetic operation in which the difference
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "multiplication" is:3) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "division" that identifies its meaning as an arithmetic operation is:11) an arithmetic operation that
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Power" in the given sentence is:3) possession of the qualities
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "possible" in the given context is:1) capable of happening or existingThis definition
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Powers" in the given sentence is:3) possession of the
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roots" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is definition
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	The correct answer is definition 2) in addition. In the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "specify" in the given sentence is:5) define clearly
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The correct answer is: 4) a symbol (like x or y) that is used in mathematical or logical expressions to
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The correct answer is 1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "used" in the sentence "( ) : It is used to specify a higher priority" is
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The correct answer is: 2) decide upon or fix definitely.The word "specify" in the sentence "( )
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "higher" in the context of the given sentence is:3) standing above others in quality or
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "finds" in the sentence is:2) discover or determine the
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the context of the given sentence is:7) a
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "checks" in the given sentence is:1) examine so as to determine accuracy, quality
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "operator" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics) a symbol or function
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treated" in the given sentence is:1) interact in a
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "operator" in the given context is:1) (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treated" in the given sentence is:1) interact in a
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the context of the sentence is:1) a person who makes use of a thing; someone
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:3) the actions and activities
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "define" in the given sentence is:2) give a definition for
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "value" in the context of the given sentence ": = : It is used to define a
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "define" among the given options is:2) give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conditional" in the given sentence is:2) imposing or depending on
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "operations" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "introduce" is:2) bring something new to
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "use" in the given context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "true" that fits the context of the given sentence is:1) consistent with fact or
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "finds" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instance" in the given context is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "used" in the sentence "It can be used to define a container
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given sentence is:2) give a definition for the meaning
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "useful" in the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piece
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "working" in the given sentence is:1) exert oneself by doing mental or
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ask" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to and expect
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "user" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes use of
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "easy" in the given context is:1) posing no difficulty; requiring little effort
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "functions" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cos()" is:1) ratio of the adjacent side to the hyp
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sin()" is:3) ratio of the length of the side opposite
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sum" in the given sentence is:2) a quantity obtained by
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "product" in this context is:3) a quantity obtained by multiplicationThis
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "use" in the sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "plus()" is:2) the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "times()" is:2) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "has" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "operator" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics) a symbol or function
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "useful" in the given sentence is:1) being of use
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "There" in the given sentence is:1) in or at that place
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "have" in the sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables"
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "list" in the given sentence is:1) a database containing an
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "variables" in the given sentence is:4) a symbol (like
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lets" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "change" in the given sentence is:1) cause to change; make different
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "values" in the given sentence is:2) the quality (positive or negative) that
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "just" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreIn this context,
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent or received
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given context is:5) a continuum of experience
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expression" in the given sentence is:6) a group of symbols
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "variable" in this context is:4) a symbol (like x or y) that
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "value" in the given sentence is:1) a numerical quantity measured
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "changed" in the given sentence is:1) cause to change; make different
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "last" in this context is:2) coming after all others in time or space or
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "result" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition fits the context
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "New" in the sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:8) in use after
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Window" in the context of the sentence "Ctrl N New Window"
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "Flushes the log" is:3) a written record of messages sent or
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Load" in the sentence "Ctrl L Load Script" is:3) transfer from a
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Executes" in the given sentence is:5) carry out the process or
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instructions" in the given sentence is:1) a message describing how
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "file" in the given sentence is:1) a set of related
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance; -
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "define" in the given sentence is:2) give a definition for
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "libraries" in the given context is:4) (computing)
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "resume" in the given sentence is:4) give a summary (
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "previous" in the given sentence is:1) just preceding something else
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something.
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Save" in the given sentence "Ctrl G Save Script" is:11)
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Saves" in the given sentence is:11) record data on
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "instructions" in the given context is:1) a message describing how something is to be
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "typed" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "began" in the sentence is:1) take the first step
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Generates" in the given sentence is:1) bring into existence
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "easy" in the given sentence is:1) posing no difficulty;
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fix" in the given sentence is:12) make ready or suitable
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "text editor" in the given sentence is:2) (computer science
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Save" among the given options is:11) record data on a computerThis definition
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Log" in the sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:3) a written record
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Saves" in the given sentence is:11) record data on
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent or received
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:3) something that results
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "able" in the given sentence is:2) have the skills and qualifications to do things
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "print" in the given sentence is:2) write as if with
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "publish" in the given sentence is:2) prepare and issue for
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Quit" in the given sentence "Ctrl Q Quit" is:1) put
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "program" in the sentence "Shuts the program down" is:
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "add" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "go" in the given sentence is:2) follow a procedure or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Add" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "add" in the given sentence is:4) make an addition by combining numbers
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors)This
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "focus" in the given context is:1) the concentration of attention or energy on something
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "input" in the given sentence is:1) signal going into an
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:7) a set sequence of
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "typical" in the given sentence is:1) exhibiting the qualities or characteristics that identify
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "necessary" in the given sentence is:1) absolutely essentialIn
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "specify" in the given sentence is:4) be specific aboutThis
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "display" in the given sentence is:1) to show, make visible or apparent
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important element
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "window" in the given context is:8) (computer science) a rectangular part of
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "set" in the given sentence is:1) put into a certain
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "several" in the given sentence is:1) (used with count nouns
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identity
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Just" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreIn this context,
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Add" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (to
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "List" in the given sentence is:1) a database containing an
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "mode" in the given sentence is:2) a particular functioning condition or arrangement
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "set" in the sentence "You can set each graph its own color" is
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "color" in the given sentence is:8) the appearance of objects
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Foundation" in the given sentence is:1) the basis on which something is
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "involved" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a participant
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "organising" in the given sentence is:5) arrange by systematic planning and
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dealt" in the given sentence is:3) take action with respect to
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "critical" in the given sentence is:3) characterized by careful evaluation
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stimulating situation
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "participants" in the given sentence is:1) someone who takes part in an
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important elementIn this
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attended" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "debated" in the given sentence is:3) discuss the pros
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "actors" in the given sentence is:2) a person who acts and gets
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "authorities" in the given sentence is:2) (usually plural) persons
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "voluntary" in the given sentence is:1) of your own free will
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "community" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" is:2) a group of people who work togetherThis definition is
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "users" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attempts" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and conscientious activity
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "involve" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "users" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "planning" in the given sentence is:1) an act of formulating a program
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "provision" in the given sentence is:2) the activity of supplying or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to a
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "variety" in the given sentence is:5) a category of things distinguished by some
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "different" in the given sentence is:1) unlike in nature or
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "played" in the given sentence is:4) play a role or part
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open to or concerning the
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "welfare" in the given sentence is:1) governmental provision of
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Foundation" in the given sentence is:2) an institution supported by
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Commission" in the given sentence is:5) a group of representatives or delegates
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its members.
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Affairs" in the given context is:2) transactions of professional or public interest
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regional" in the given sentence is:2) related or limited
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exclusion" in the given sentence is:1) the state of
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "major" in the given sentence is:1) of greater importance or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stimulating
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "welfare" in the given sentence is:1) governmental provision of
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Foundation" in the given sentence is:2) an institution supported by
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "published" in the given sentence is:2) prepare and issue for public distribution
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "comparative" in the given sentence is:1) relating to
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assesses" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "extent" in this context is:1) the point or degree to which something extends
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "direct" in the given sentence is:2) having no intervening persons, agents
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "participation" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sharing in
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "increasing" in the given sentence is:1) become bigger or
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "personal" in the given sentence is:1) concerning or affecting a particular person
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "senior" in the given sentence is:1) older; higher
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "officials" in the given sentence is:1) a worker who
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "representatives" in the given context is:1) a person who represents othersThis
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "organisations" in the given sentence is:2) a group of people who
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "countries" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a nationThis
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or value
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "industrial" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or resulting from
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "metal" in the given sentence is:1) any of several chemical
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "industry" in the given sentence is:2) the organized action of
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banking" in the given sentence is:1) engaging in the
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "sector" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "included" in the given sentence is:2) consider as part of something
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speakers" in the given sentence is:1) someone who expresses
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "exclusion" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the act of forcing
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "left" in the given sentence is:1) location near or direction
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "right" in the context of the sentence is:2) location near
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Employment" in the given context is:1) the state of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Industrial" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Commission" in the given sentence is:5) a group of representatives or delegatesIn
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "high" in the given context is:3) standing above others in quality or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Committee" is:1) a special group delegated to consider some
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The correct answer is definition 1) one of the persons who compose a social group (especially individuals who have joined and participate
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Parliament" in this context is:1) a legislative assembly in certain countries.This
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Parliament" in the given context is:1) a legislative assembly
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Economic" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Committee" is:1) a special group delegated to consider some
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Case Studies" is:1) a careful study of some social unit
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "national" in the given context is:3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain;
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "present" in the given sentence is:1) give an exhibition of to an
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policies" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by an
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "practices" in the given sentence is:1) a customary way
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "improve" in the given sentence is:1) to make better
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "training" in the given sentence is:1) activity leading to skilled
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "development" in the given context is:2) a process in which something passes
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "community" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) a careful study of some social unit (as a corporation or
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "case studies" in the given context is:1) a careful study of some social unit
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analysed" in the given sentence is:1) consider in
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "background" in the given sentence is:3) information that is essential
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" in the given sentence is:2) a group of people who work together
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "benefits" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problems" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Visits" in the sentence "Visits and interviews with key personnel
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning of a person (
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "form" in the sentence is:2) to compose or represent.In this
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "basis" in the given sentence is:1) a relation that provides
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "overall" in the given sentence is:2) including everythingIn
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "practices" in the given sentence is:1) a customary way
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "published" in the given sentence is:2) prepare and issue for
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "staged" in the given sentence is:2) plan, organize
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Foundation" in the given sentence is:1) the basis on which something is grounded
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "aims" in the given sentence is:2) propose or intend
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:1) record in detail
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "characteristics" in the given sentence is:1) a prominent attribute or aspect of something
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "job" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "training" in the given sentence is:1) activity leading to skilled
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the verb "analyse" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "causes" in the given sentence is:1) events that provide
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "perspectives" in the given sentence is:1) a way of regarding situations or topics
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "particular" in the given sentence is:1) unique or specific to a
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attention" in the given sentence is:1) the process whereby a
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "paid" in the given sentence is:2) convey, as of a compliment, regards
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proposals" in the given sentence is:1) something proposed
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "removing" in the given sentence is:8) get rid of
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assesses" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "private" in the given sentence is:1) confined to particular persons or groups or providing
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that makes
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "older" in the given sentence is:1) advanced in years; (`aged
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Seeking" in the given sentence is:3) make an effort
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "early" in the given sentence is:1) at or near the
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "retirement" in the given sentence is:1) the state of
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "redundancy" in the given sentence is:2) the
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the given sentence is:2) involved in or affected by or
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "retention" in the given sentence is:1) the act of retaining
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "older" in the given context is:1) advanced in years; (`aged' is
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "gender" in the given sentence is:2) the properties that distinguish
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ethnic" in the given sentence is:1) denoting or deriving
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "backgrounds" in the given sentence is:1) a person's
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "relate" in the given sentence is:1) make a logical
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discrimination" in the given sentence is:1) unfair treatment
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "examined" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail and subject to an
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "considers" in the given sentence is:2) give careful consideration
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discrimination" in the given sentence is:1) unfair treatment
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "small" in the given sentence is:9) not large but sufficient
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "enterprises" in the given sentence is:2) an organization created
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "member" in the given sentence is:4) an organization that is a
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "covered" in the given sentence is:6) include in scope; include as part of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Assessment" in the given sentence is:4) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "explains" in the given sentence is:1) make plain and
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Products" in the given sentence is:1) commodities offered for sale
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "use" in the given sentence is:2) what something is used forIn this
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "performed" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reach" in the given sentence is:6) to extend as far
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) something (as a course of action
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain; have as
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing a change or
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "substance" in the given sentence is:7) a particular kind
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "available" in the given sentence is:1) obtainable or accessible and ready for use
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "solution" in the given context is:1) a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablets" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "score" in the given sentence is:8) a slight surface cut (especially
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "line" in the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and have a score line
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sides" in the given sentence is:4) a surface forming part of the outside
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "so" in the given sentence is: 3) in a manner that facilitatesThis
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tablet" in the given context is:3) a small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "marked" in the given sentence is:3) having or as if
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side" in the given sentence is:4) a surface forming part
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "letters" in the given sentence is:2) the conventional characters of the alphabet used to
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "quantity" in the given sentence is:1) how much there is
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "side" in the given sentence is:4) a surface forming part of the outside of
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "used" in the sentence "What is Cerenia used for?"
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "means" in the given sentence is:2) have as a logical consequenceIn this
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stops" in the given sentence is:2) put an end to a state
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) keep from happening or
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "caused" in the given sentence is:1) give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicines" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cause" in the given sentence is:1) give rise to; cause to happen or
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "measures" in the given sentence is:1) any maneuver made
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The correct definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "special" in the given sentence is:4) adapted to or reserved for a particular purpose
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "diet" in the given sentence is:3) the usual food and
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "followed" in the given sentence is:6) come after in time, as a
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "tablets" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "purposes" in the given sentence is:2) what something is
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "given" in the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "days" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in timeThis
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "receptor" in the given sentence is:1) a cellular structure
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "acts" in the sentence is:2) behave in a certain manner
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "studied" that fits the context of the sentence "How has Cerenia been studied
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "carried out" in the given sentence is:2) pursue to
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "laboratory" in the given sentence is:1) a workplace
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "several" in the given sentence is:1) (used with count nouns
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "benefit" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shown" in the given sentence is:3) provide evidence for
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "studies" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:3) a written document
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:3) something that results
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something, as
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much;
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effective" in the given sentence is:3) works well as a means or remedy
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "placebo" in the given sentence is:1) an innocuous or inert
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "less" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `little'
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seen" in the given sentence is:7) see or watchThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "placebo" in the given sentence is:1) an innocuous
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motionThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "injection" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "able" in the given sentence is:3) having inherent physical or mental ability
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "intact" in this context is:1) constituting the undiminished entirety;
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the given sentence is:4) a dose of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "follow-up" in the given sentence is:3) a subsequent examination of a
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "owner" in the given sentence is:2) a person who owns
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "administer" in the given sentence is:4) give or apply
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablets" in the given sentence is:4) a dose of
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or involved
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "measure" in the given sentence is:1) any maneuver made as part of
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "addressing" in the given sentence is:5) address or apply
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "underlying" in the given sentence is:1) in the nature
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "causes" in the given sentence is:4) a comprehensive term
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "risk" that identifies the meaning in the sentence "What is the risk associated with Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "generally" in the given sentence is:1) usually; as
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "well" in the given sentence is:5) to a suitable or appropriate extent or degree
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tolerated" in the given sentence is:3) have a tolerance for
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "administered" in the given sentence is:4) give or
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "daily" in the given sentence is:1) every day; without
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dosages" is:2) a measured portion of medicine taken at
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The correct definition is: 2) the quantity of an active agent (substance or radiation) taken in or absorbed at
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "extended" in the given sentence is:1) relatively long in duration
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "duration" in the given sentence is:1) the period of time
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "precautions" in the given sentence is:3) judicious
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "person" in the given sentence is:1) a human beingThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "gives" in the sentence "What are the precautions for the person who gives the medicine
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "contact" in the given sentence is:3) the state or condition of touching or of
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "represent" in the given sentence is:1) take the place of or be parallel or
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the sentence is:1) unique or specific to a person or thing
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "risk" in the given sentence is:1) a source of danger
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings
