senseval2.d000.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "art" in the given sentence is "the creation of beautiful or significant things."
senseval2.d000.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "change-ringing" in the given sentence is "ringing tuned bells
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "peculiar" in the given sentence is "markedly different from the usual or
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "English" in the given sentence is "the people of England."
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "most" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning the greatest in number." The
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "English" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the English language."
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "peculiarities" in the given sentence is "something unusual" or "worth
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unintelligible" in the given sentence is "not clearly understood or expressed."
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rest" in the given sentence is "a pause for relaxation."
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "world" in the given sentence is "all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
senseval2.d000.s001.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Tailors" in the sentence "Dorothy L. Sayers, '
senseval2.d000.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "England" in the given sentence is "a division of the United Kingdom."
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "scenes" refers to the visual percept of a region, which is represented
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	Answer: The sentence "Of all scenes that evoke rural England, this is one of the loveliest" suggests that
senseval2.d000.s003.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rural" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the countr
senseval2.d000.s003.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "England" in the given sentence is "a division of the United Kingdom."
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "loveliest" in the given sentence is "loveable" in a child
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	Answer: The definition for "ancient" in the given sentence is "belonging to times long past."
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stone" in the given sentence is "a lump or mass of hard consolid
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	Answer: The sentence "Of all scenes that evoke rural England, this is one of the loveliest" refers to
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	Answer: The definition of "fields" in the given sentence is "a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sound" in the given sentence is "the subjective sensation of hearing something."
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	Answer: The definition of "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	Answer: The definition for "cascading" in the given sentence is "arrange (open windows) on a computer
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tower" in the given sentence is "a powerful small boat designed to pull or
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	Response: The sentence "Of all scenes that evoke rural England, this is one of the loveliest" refers to
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "faithful" in the given sentence is "a group of people who adhere
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evensong" in the given sentence is "a daily evening service with prayers
senseval2.d000.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parishioners" in the given sentence is "members of a parish."
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stop" in the given sentence is "stop to chat at the church door, as
senseval2.d000.s004.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chat" in the given sentence is "talk socially without exchanging too
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "door" in the given sentence is "a swinging or sliding barrier that
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "members" in the given sentence is "an external body part that projects from the body
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "here" in the given sentence is "at this place" as it is used to
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "always" in the given sentence is "at all times." The sentence "The parish
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tower" in the given sentence is "a powerful small boat designed to pull or
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "men" in the sentence "In the tower, five men and women pull rhythm
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the sentence "In the tower, five men and women pull rh
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	Answer: Definition 5: pull out of a container or from under a coverIn the tower, five men and
senseval2.d000.s005.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rhythmically" in the given sentence is "in a rhythmic manner."
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ropes" in the given sentence is "street names for flunitrazepan
senseval2.d000.s005.t006	Answer: In the tower, five men and women pull rhythmically on ropes attached to the same five bells that
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature." The five
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bells" in the given sentence is "a phonetician and father of
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "first" in the given sentence is "before anything else." The phrase "in the
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sounded" in the given sentence is "announce by means of a sound."
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	Answer: In the tower, five men and women pull rhythmically on ropes attached to the same five bells that
senseval2.d000.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition." The discordant, modern
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "discordant" in the given sentence is "lacking in harmony."
senseval2.d000.s006.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "modern" in the given sentence is "current stage in its development."
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	Response: The most suitable meaning for "note" in the given sentence is "a brief written record" as it is a
senseval2.d000.s006.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church-goers" in the given sentence is "religious people who
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "enjoying" in the given sentence is "have benefit from."
senseval2.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable meaning for "peal" in the given sentence is "a deep prolonged sound (as of thunder
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "bells" in the given sentence is "a phonetician and father of Alexander
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	Response: The sentence "But there is also a discordant, modern note in Aslacton, though it can
senseval2.d000.s006.t009	The most suitable meaning for "autumn" in the given sentence is "the season when the leaves fall from the trees."
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evening" in the given sentence is "early part of night (from dinner
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "most" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning the greatest in number" (
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "churches" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Britain" in the given sentence is "United Kingdom." The sentence refers
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	Response: According to the given text, "sets" in the sentence "Like most of the other 6,00
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bells" in the given sentence is "a phonetician and father of
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "once" in the given sentence is "at a previous time."
senseval2.d000.s007.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "own" in the given sentence is "preceded by a possessive." The
senseval2.d000.s007.t008	Response: According to the given text, "band" in the sentence "Like most of the other 6,00
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the given sentence is "a person who is almost identical to another
senseval2.d000.s007.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "herald" in the given sentence is "praise vociferously."
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Sunday" in the given sentence is "first day of the week" (
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "morning" in the given sentence is "the earliest period."
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evening" in the given sentence is "the later part of night (from dinner
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "service" in the sentence "Like most of the other
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Now" in the given sentence is "in the historical present" as it indicates the
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	Answer: Only one local ringer remains, which means that there is only one remaining local ringer in the given sentence.
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	Answer: The sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains : 64-year-old Derek Hammond
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is (horseshoes) the successful throw
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "remains" in the given sentence is "be left." The sentence "Only one
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "here" in the given sentence is "at this place" (i.e.,
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "today" in the given sentence is "the day that includes the present moment (as
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	Response: The sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" suggests that the individuals in question are not living in the same place
senseval2.d000.s009.t003	Answer: The sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" means that the people mentioned in the sentence are not from the same
senseval2.d000.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "belong to" in the given sentence is "be a part of" or "
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "group" in the given sentence is "a set that is closed, associative,
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is "a group of 15 ringers,
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "including" refers to the fact that the group includes 15 ringers,
senseval2.d000.s010.t004	The correct definition for "octogenarians" in the given sentence is "a group of 15 ringers,
senseval2.d000.s010.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "youngsters" in the given sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "training" in the given sentence is "the result of good upbringing (
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drive" in the given sentence is "to urge forward" as it is used
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Sunday" in the given sentence is "United States evangelist" (
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church" in the given sentence is "a group of Christians who have their own
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church" in the given sentence is "a group of Christians who have their own
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "effort" in the given sentence is "a notable achievement."
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "keep" in the given sentence is "maintain" as it refers to the
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	Answer: The definition for "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sounding" in the given sentence is "announce by means of a sound."
senseval2.d000.s010.t015	The sentence "They belong to a group of 15 ringers -- including two octogenarians and four youngsters
senseval2.d000.s010.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "belfries" in the given sentence is "a bell tower or room where b
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "even" in the given sentence is "to a greater degree or extent" as it
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	Response: According to the given text, "To ring for even one service at this tower, we have to scrape"
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tower" in the given sentence is "a powerful small boat designed to pull or
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "To ring for even one service at this tower, we have to scrape,"
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	Answer: To ring for even one service at this tower, we have to scrape, which means to speak, pronounce
senseval2.d000.s011.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "retired" in this context means "no longer active in one's work
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	Response: Based on the given sentence, "To ring for even one service at this tower, we have to scrape"
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	Answer: The sentence "We've tried to train the youngsters, but they have their discos and their dances
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "train" in this context refers to the process of teaching or instructing children in
senseval2.d000.s012.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "youngsters" in the given sentence is "young people of either sex."
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "discos" in the given sentence is "a public dance hall for dancing to
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	Answer: The sentence "We've tried to train the youngsters, but they have their discos and their dances
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "just" in the given sentence is "only a moment ago." The sentence "We
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	Answer: The sentence "We've tried to train the youngsters, but they have their discos and their dances
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	Answer: The sentence "We've tried to train the youngsters, but they have their discos and their dances
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "worries" in the given sentence is "afflict with mental agitation or dist
senseval2.d000.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "old age" in the given sentence is "a late time of life."
senseval2.d000.s013.t002	The correct definition for "flightiness" in the given sentence is "the trait of acting unpredictably and more from
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "youth" in the given sentence is "early maturity; the state
senseval2.d000.s013.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "diminish" in the given sentence is "lessen the authority, dignity
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ranks" in the given sentence is "the ordinary members of an organization or group
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "group" in the given sentence is "a set that is closed, associative,
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "keeps" in the given sentence is "maintain for use and service."
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bells" in the given sentence is "a phonetician and father of
senseval2.d000.s013.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pealing" in the given sentence is "sound loudly and sonorously."
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "History" in the given sentence is "the discipline that records and interprets past events
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "side" in the given sentence is "one of two contesting groups."
senseval2.d000.s015.t000	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "taken" in the sentence "Nearly a third
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t004	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t005	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t006	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the sentence "According to a nation
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t010	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago, nearly a third of England's church bells are no longer
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "easy" in the given sentence is "affording pleasure."
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	Answer: Definition 1: It is easy to see why the ancient art is on the ropes.
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ancient" in the given sentence is "very old."
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "art" in the given sentence is "the creation of beautiful or significant things."
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "less" in the given sentence is "comparative of little." The comparative
senseval2.d000.s017.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "complicated" in the given sentence is "childish" as it is considered by
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	Response: The correct definition for "version" in the given sentence is "a written work (as a novel) that has
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "playing" in the given sentence is "be at playful activity; amuse
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	Answer: The definition of "tunes" in the given sentence is "a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence"
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s017.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "carillons" in the given sentence is "playing a set of bells that
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "continental" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Europe" in the given sentence is "the nations of the European continent collectively."
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "considered" in the given sentence is "weigh."
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "English" in the given sentence is "the people of England."
senseval2.d000.s017.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "childish" means "lacking in maturity or experience." The English
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	Answer: The definition of "fit" in the given sentence is "meeting adequate standards for a purpose" (
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The English language uses the word
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "foreigners" in the given sentence is "excluded from or not a member
senseval2.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable meaning for "Change-ringing" in the given sentence is "ringing tuned bells in a
senseval2.d000.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mind-boggling" in the given sentence is "intellectually
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "English" in the given sentence is "the people of England."
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	Answer: The sentence "Change-ringing, a mind-boggling exercise the English invented 38
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "years" in the given sentence is "a period of time occupying a regular
senseval2.d000.s018.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ago" in the given sentence is "in the past."
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "requires" in the given sentence is "have need of."
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	Answer: The sentence "Change-ringing, a mind-boggling exercise the English invented 38
senseval2.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable meaning for "dexterity" in the given sentence is "intense mental concentration." The sentence describes the
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	Answer: The definition of "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "weigh" in the given sentence is "to determine the weight of something."
senseval2.d000.s018.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning greater in number." The sentence
senseval2.d000.s018.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ton" in the given sentence is "a United States unit of weight equivalent to
senseval2.d000.s018.t013	Answer: The sentence "Change-ringing, a mind-boggling exercise the English invented 38
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "intense" in the given sentence is "extremely sharp or intense."
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	Answer: The sentence "Change-ringing, a mind-boggling exercise the English invented 38
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "concentration" in the given sentence is "intense mental effort."
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "English" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the English language."
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s019.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "started" in the given sentence is "set in motion, cause to start."
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is "a descending scale using, in larger churches
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "highest-pitched" in the given sentence is "used of sounds and voices
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "bell" in the given sentence is "a phonetician and father of Alexander Graham
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "lowest" in the given sentence is "unrefined in character."
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	Answer: The sentence "Proper English bells are started off in 'rounds,'from the highest-pitch
senseval2.d000.s019.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "descending" in the given sentence is "move downward and lower, but not necessarily
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "scale" in the given sentence is "a series of notes differing in pitch according to
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "using" in the given sentence is "avail oneself to."
senseval2.d000.s019.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "larger" in the sentence means "generous and understanding and tolerant."
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "churches" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s019.t013	The correct definition for "many" in the given sentence is a quantifier that can be used with count nouns and
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	Answer: The correct definition for "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Then" in the given sentence is "at that time." The sentence "Then,
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "signal" in the given sentence is "any nonverbal action or gesture that enc
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "ringers" is "a person who is almost identical
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "begin" in this context means "set in motion, cause to start" or
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "varying" in the sentence means "being subject to change in accord
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	Response: According to the given text, "order" in the sentence "Then, at a signal, the ringers begin
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bells" in the given sentence is "a phonetician and father of
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sound" in the given sentence is "announce by means of a sound."
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	Response: Based on the given sentence, "altering" in the following sentence means "to cause to change; make different
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "steady" means "not subject to change or variation in behavior, especially
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	Response: The most suitable meaning for "rhythm" in the given sentence is "the basic rhythmic unit in a
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "striking" in the given sentence is "the act of contacting one thing
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	Answer: The definition for "variation" in the sentence "Each variation, or change, can occur only once, the
senseval2.d000.s021.t001	Response: The correct definition for "change" in the given sentence is "a relational difference between states; especially between states
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "occur" in the sentence "Each variation, or
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence states that each variation
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "once" in the given sentence is "at a previous time." The rules state that
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the sentence "Each variation, or change
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	Answer: The definition of "state" in the given sentence is "the condition or conditioning of a thing or a group
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Ringers" in the given sentence is "a person who memorizes patterns of changes,
senseval2.d000.s022.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "memorize" in the given sentence is "learn by heart."
senseval2.d000.s022.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patterns" in the given sentence is "a customary way of operation or behavior
senseval2.d000.s022.t003	Response: The sentence "Ringers memorize patterns of changes, known as'methods,' which have odd-sounding names
senseval2.d000.s022.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "Known" in the sentence "Ringers memorize patterns of changes, known
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "methods" in the given sentence is "a systematic way" as it implies an
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "names" in the given sentence is "a language unit by which a person or thing
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "series" in this context refers to a set of 5,000
senseval2.d000.s023.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "so" in the given sentence is "in a manner that facilitates." The
senseval2.d000.s023.t002	Response: The correct definition for "changes" in the given sentence is "a relational difference between states; especially between states
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	Response: The sentence "A series of 5,000 or so changes is a "peal" and takes
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "about" in the given sentence is "in rotation or succession."
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hours" in the given sentence is "clock time" as it refers to a
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "look" in the given sentence is "the act of directing the eyes toward something
senseval2.d000.s024.t001	Answer: The correct meaning for "Thursday" in the given sentence is "the fourth working day."
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "night" in the given sentence is "the period spent sleeping."
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "practice" in the given sentence is "systematic training by multiple repetitions
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s024.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "district" in the given sentence is "a region marked off for administrative or other
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	Response: The sentence "A look at a Thursday night practice at St. Mary Abbot church in the Kens
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "idea" in the given sentence is "the content of cognition; the main thing
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	Answer: The sentence "A look at a Thursday night practice at St. Mary Abbot church in the Kens
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	Answer: The sentence "A look at a Thursday night practice at St. Mary Abbot church in the Kens
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the given sentence is "a person who is almost identical to another
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	Answer: Standing refers to being upright and occupying a place or location, also metaphorically.
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "circle" in the given sentence is "a circular road junction at which traffic streams
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	Answer: Definition 5:The lowest support of a structure refers to the point at which the structure is supported by
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	Answer: The sentence "Ten shirt-sleeved ringers stand in a circle, one foot ahead of the
senseval2.d000.s025.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prize-fighter" in the given sentence is "a professional box
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stance" in the given sentence is "a rationalized mental attitude."
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	Answer: Definition 5: pull out of a container or from under a coverIn the given sentence, "pull
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rope" in the given sentence is "street names for flunitrazepan
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	Answer: The sentence "Ten shirt-sleeved ringers stand in a circle, one foot ahead of the
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hole" in the given sentence is "an opening deliberately made in or through something
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "high" in the given sentence is "happy and excited and energetic."
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ceiling" in the given sentence is "maximum altitude at which a plane
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chamber" in the given sentence is "a deliberative or legislative or
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "speaks" in the given sentence is "give a speech to." The sentence
senseval2.d000.s026.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "snaking" in the given sentence is "form a snake-like pattern."
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ropes" in the given sentence is "street names for flunitrazepan
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seems" refers to the impression or outward aspect of something, as in
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	Response: The sentence "No one speaks, and the snaking of the ropes seems to make as much sound as
senseval2.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable meaning for "much" in the given sentence is "great in quantity or degree or extent." The
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sound" in the given sentence is "the audible part of a transmitted signal
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	Answer: The definition of "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "muffled" in the given sentence is "deaden (a sound or noise
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ceiling" in the given sentence is "the upper limit on what is allowed."
senseval2.d000.s027.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Totally" in the given sentence is "to a complete degree or to the
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "absorbed" in the given sentence is "suck or take up or in
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the given sentence is (horseshoes) the successful
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stare" in the given sentence is "fixate one's eyes." The
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "straight" in the given sentence is "in a direct course." The sentence refers
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	Answer: The sentence "Totally absorbed, the ringers stare straight ahead, using peripheral vision (
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "using" in the given sentence is "avail oneself to" as it means
senseval2.d000.s027.t007	The sentence "Totally absorbed, the ringers stare straight ahead, using peripheral vision ( they call
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	Answer: Definition 1: "Call" in the given sentence refers to the act of uttering a loud, clear,
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "watch" in the given sentence is "watch" (4).
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ropes" in the given sentence is "street names for flunitrazepan
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	Answer: (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a resultIn this sentence,
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "time" in the given sentence is "regulate or set the time of" as
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	Answer: The correct definition for "pulls" in the given sentence is "special advantage or influence."
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Far" in the given sentence is "at or to a certain point or degree
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "above" in the given sentence is "in or to a place that is higher."
senseval2.d000.s028.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "belfry" in the given sentence is "a room (often at the
senseval2.d000.s028.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "huge" in the given sentence is "extremely large or heavy." The
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bronze" in the given sentence is "an alloy of copper and
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	Answer: The definition of "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mounted" in the given sentence is "put up or launch."
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	Answer: The sentence "Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels,
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	Response: The sentence "Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels,
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "madly" in the given sentence is (used as intensives) extremely.
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	Answer: The sentence "Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels,
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	Response: The sentence "Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels,
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	Answer: The sentence "Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels,
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	Answer: The sentence "Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels,
senseval2.d000.s028.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "surprisingly" in the given sentence is "in an amazing manner;
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	Answer: The sentence "Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels,
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The sentence "Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels, swing mad
senseval2.d000.s029.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Skilled" in the given sentence is "having or showing or requiring special skill
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the given sentence is (horseshoes) the successful
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next
senseval2.d000.s029.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wrists" in the given sentence is "a joint between the distal end
senseval2.d000.s029.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advance" in the given sentence is "give a promotion to or assign to
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retard" in the given sentence is "slow the growth or development of."
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "swing" in the given sentence is "a swinging motion or action that is characteristic
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	Response: The sentence "Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing, so that
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	Answer: The definition of "bell" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a ring
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	Answer: In computer science, the definition of "swap" is to move one piece of a program into memory, in exchange
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	Response: The sentence "Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing, so that
senseval2.d000.s029.t011	Response: The sentence "Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing, so that
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "well-known" in the given sentence is "widely or fully known."
senseval2.d000.s030.t001	Answer: The sentence "In a well-known detective-story involving church bells, English novelist Dorothy L
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	Answer: The sentence "In a well-known detective-story involving church bells, English novelist Dorothy L
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	Answer: The sentence "In a well-known detective-story involving church bells, English novelist Dorothy L
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	Answer: The definition of "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "English" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the English language."
senseval2.d000.s030.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "novelist" in the given sentence is "one who writes novels."
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	Answer: The sentence "In a well-known detective-story involving church bells, English novelist Dorothy L
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	Answer: The sentence "In a well-known detective-story involving church bells, English novelist Dorothy L
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	Answer: Definition 5: Perceive or be contemporaneous withIn the sentence "In a well-known
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	Answer: The definition of "satisfaction" in the given sentence is "the contentment one feels when one has ful
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	Answer: The sentence "In a well-known detective-story involving church bells, English novelist Dorothy L
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "completeness" in the given sentence is "the state of being complete and entire;
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	Answer: The sentence "In a well-known detective-story involving church bells, English novelist Dorothy L
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	Answer: The definition of "perfection" in the given sentence is "the act of making something perfect."
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Ringers" in the given sentence is "filled with the solemn intoxication that comes
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	Answer: The sentence "Ringers, she added, are "filled with the solemn intoxication that comes of intricate
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	Answer: The sentence "Ringers, she added, are "filled with the solemn intoxication that comes of intricate
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	Answer: The definition for "solemn" in the given sentence is "characterized by a firm and humorless belief in
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	Answer: Definition 1: "Ringers, she added, are filled with the solemn intoxication that comes of intr
senseval2.d000.s031.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "intricate" in the given sentence is "filled with the solemn intoxication
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ritual" in the given sentence is "stereotyped behavior."
senseval2.d000.s031.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "faultlessly" in the given sentence is "in a faultless manner."
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "performed" in the given sentence is "perform a function."
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "become" refers to the process of undergoing a change or development. Therefore
senseval2.d000.s032.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bit" in the given sentence is "a small fragment of something broken off from the
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "obsession" in the given sentence is "an unhealthy and compuls
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "admits" in the given sentence is "give access or entrance to."
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "master" in the given sentence is "a combatant who is able to defeat riv
senseval2.d000.s032.t005	Response: According to the given text, "band" in the sentence "Ringing does become a bit of an ob
senseval2.d000.s032.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "England" in the given sentence is "a division of the United Kingdom."
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	Response: The sentence "Ringing does become a bit of an obsession, admits Stephanie Pattenden,
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	Answer: The sentence "Ringing does become a bit of an obsession, admits Stephanie Pattenden,
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	Answer: (horseshoes) the successful throw of a horseshoe or quoit so as to encirc
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "passion" in the given sentence is "a strong feeling or emotion" as
senseval2.d000.s033.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "usually" in the given sentence is "under normal conditions."
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stays" in the given sentence is "dwell."
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tower" in the given sentence is "a powerful small boat designed to pull or
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "however" is a concession that follows a concession. Therefore
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "More" in the given sentence is "to a greater degree or extent." The compar
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "frequently or in great quantities."
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is (horseshoes) the successful throw
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "think of" in the given sentence is "devise or invent."
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s034.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "stuck on" in the given sentence is "attached to."
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is "the second half of an inning; while the
senseval2.d000.s034.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "belfry" in the given sentence is "a room (often at the
senseval2.d000.s035.t000	Response: The sentence "When their changes are completed, and after they have worked up a sweat, ringers often skip
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "completed" in the given sentence is "bring to a whole, with all
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "worked up" in the given sentence is "bolster or strengthen." The
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sweat" in the given sentence is "use of physical or mental energy;
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the given sentence is (horseshoes) the successful
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "frequently or in great quantities."
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	Answer: Definition 4: Bound off one point after anotherIn this sentence, "skip" refers to the
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	Answer: The sentence "When their changes are completed, and after they have worked up a sweat, ringers often skip
senseval2.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable meaning for "pub" in the given sentence is "tavern consisting of a building with a bar and public
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	Answer: Definition 1: Leaving (a place)In this sentence, "leaving" refers to the
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	Answer: The definition of "worship" in the given sentence is "the activity of profoundly loving and adm
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	Answer: The sentence "When their changes are completed, and after they have worked up a sweat, ringers often skip
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "well" in this context means "in a good or proper or satisfactory manner
senseval2.d000.s036.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "clerics" refers to a clergyman or other person in religious orders.
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "membership" in the given sentence is "state of being a member." The
senseval2.d000.s037.t001	Answer: The Church of England is the national church of England (and all other churches in other countries that share its beliefs
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "steadily" in the given sentence is "in a steady manner."
senseval2.d000.s037.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dwindling" in the given sentence is "lose substance."
senseval2.d000.s037.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "strong-willed" in the given sentence is "determined will."
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vicars" in the given sentence is (Church of England) a clerg
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	Answer: The sentence "With membership of the Church of England steadily dwindling, strong-willed vicars are
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "equally" in the given sentence is "in equal amounts or shares; in a
senseval2.d000.s037.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "strong-willed" in the given sentence is "determined will."
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "frequently or in great quantities."
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the given sentence is (horseshoes) the successful
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	Answer: To attend (a meeting, church service, university) is to be present at (meetings, church services
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	Answer: Definition 5: Canadian writer (born in England) who wrote about life in the Yukon Territory.
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	Response: According to the given text, "years" in the sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy
senseval2.d000.s038.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ago" in the given sentence is "in the past."
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vicar" in the given sentence is "a Roman Catholic priest who acts for another
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	Response: The sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy Hummerstone, vicar of Great Torrington
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	Answer: The sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy Hummerstone, vicar of Great Torrington
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	Answer: The sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy Hummerstone, vicar of Great Torrington
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	Answer: The sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy Hummerstone, vicar of Great Torrington
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	Response: According to the given text, the definition for "service" in the sentence "Two years ago, the Rev.
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	Answer: The sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy Hummerstone, vicar of Great Torrington
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	Answer: The sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy Hummerstone, vicar of Great Torrington
senseval2.d000.s038.t010	Answer: The definition for "band" in the given sentence is "a stripe or stripes of contrasting color or
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	Answer: The sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy Hummerstone, vicar of Great Torrington
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "promptly" in the given sentence is "in a punctual manner."
senseval2.d000.s038.t013	Response: According to the given text, "set up" in the sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy
senseval2.d000.s038.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "picket line" in the given sentence is "a line of people acting as pick
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	Answer: The correct definition for "protest" in the given sentence is "the act of making a strong public expression of
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "club" in the given sentence is "a formal association of people with similar interests."
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	Answer: The sentence "They were a self-perpetuating club that treated the tower as sort of a separate prem
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	Answer: The definition for "tower" in the given sentence is "a structure taller than its diameter that can stand
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "sort" in the given sentence is "a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	Answer: The sentence "They were a self-perpetuating club that treated the tower as sort of a separate prem
senseval2.d000.s039.t005	Answer: The definition of "premises" in the given sentence is "a statement that is assumed to be true and
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "They were a self-perpetuating club that treated the tower as sort
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "new" in the given sentence is "unfamiliar." The sentence refers to an
senseval2.d000.s040.t001	Answer: Definition 5: a range of frequencies between two limits.
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "today" in the given sentence is "the day that includes the present moment (as
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "members" in the given sentence is "an external body part that projects from the body."
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congregation" in the given sentence is "an assemblage of people or animals
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "still" refers to the fact that there are not enough ringers to ring
senseval2.d000.s041.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "enough" in the given sentence is "sufficient for the purpose." The sentence
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "ringers" is "a person who is almost identical
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "ring" is "make (bells) ring,
senseval2.d000.s041.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning greater in number." The sentence
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bells" in the given sentence is "a phonetician and father of
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	Answer: The definition of "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s042.t001	Response: According to the given text, "fallen" in the sentence "At St. Mary's Church in Il
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "silent" in the given sentence is "marked by absence of sound."
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "following" in the sentence "At St. Mary
senseval2.d000.s042.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dust-up" in the given sentence is "an angry dispute."
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s042.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attendance" in the given sentence is "the frequency with which a person is present
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vicar" in the given sentence is (Church of England) a clerg
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	Answer: The definition of "refuses" in the given sentence is "elude, especially in a baffling way
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "talk about" in the given sentence is "to discuss or mention."
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "saying" in this context means "to express a supposition or have or
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vicar" in the given sentence is "a Roman Catholic priest who acts for another
senseval2.d000.s044.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nearby" in the given sentence is "close at hand."
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	Answer: The sentence "But C.J.B. Marshall, vicar of a nearby church, feels the fault is
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "feels" in the sentence "But C.J.B. Marshall,
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	Response: The sentence "But C.J.B. Marshall, vicar of a nearby church, feels the fault is
senseval2.d000.s044.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stairs" in the given sentence is "support consisting of a place to rest the
senseval2.d000.s044.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bell tower" in the given sentence is "a tower that supports or shelters
senseval2.d000.s044.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "located" in the given sentence is "assign a location to."
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "next" in the given sentence is "nearest in space or position; immediately ad
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	Answer: The definition for "altar" in the given sentence is the table in Christian churches where communion is given.
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "So" in the given sentence is "in a manner that facilitates."
senseval2.d000.s045.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "crunch" in the given sentence is "the act of crushing."
senseval2.d000.s045.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "crunch" in the given sentence is "the act of crushing."
senseval2.d000.s045.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "crunch" in the given sentence is "the act of crushing."
senseval2.d000.s045.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bang" in the given sentence is "a conspicuous success."
senseval2.d000.s045.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bang" in the given sentence is "a conspicuous success."
senseval2.d000.s045.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bang" in the given sentence is "a conspicuous success."
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "here" in the given sentence is "at this place" (i.e.,
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "come" in the sentence "So crunch, cr
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is "a person who is almost identical to another."
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "above" in the given sentence is "in or to a place that is higher."
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	Response: Based on the given text, the most suitable meaning for "making" in the sentence "So crunch, cr
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "very" in the given sentence is "really" as it is used as an
senseval2.d000.s045.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "obvious" in the given sentence is "easily perceived by the sens
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "exit" in the given sentence is "euphemistic expressions for death." The
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	Answer: According to the given text, "congregation" refers to a group of people who adhere to a common
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prayer" in the given sentence is "reverent petition to a
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	Response: According to the given sentence, "So crunch, crunch, crunch, bang, bang,
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	Answer: The sentence "Vicar Marshall admits to mixed feelings about this issue, since he is both a vicar
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mixed" in the given sentence is "haphazard assortment of
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "feelings" in the given sentence is "a vague idea in which some confidence
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "issue" refers to the act of providing an item for general use or for official
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vicar" in the given sentence is (Church of England) a clerg
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "active" in this context refers to both a vicar and an active bell-
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bell-ringer" in the given sentence is "someone who plays musical hand
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sound" in the given sentence is "the subjective sensation of hearing something."
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	Answer: The definition of "bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "draw" in the given sentence is "elicit responses, such as objections
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "church" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "The sound of bells is a net to draw people into the church" is
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	Answer: The sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn into that fuller life" refers to
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "hopes" is "grounds for feeling hope
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is (horseshoes) the successful throw
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	Answer: The sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn into that fuller life" refers to
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "fuller" in the given sentence is "constituting the full quantity or extent;
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	Response: The sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn into that fuller life" refers to
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	Answer: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers, a sort of parliament of ringing groups, aims to improve relations
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	Answer: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers, a sort of parliament of ringing groups, aims to improve relations
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	Answer: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers, a sort of parliament of ringing groups, aims to improve relations
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	Answer: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers aims to improve relations with vicars by pointing or causing them to go
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	Answer: To improve relations with vicars, the Central Council of Church Bell Ringers aims to improve their communication and understanding
senseval2.d000.s049.t005	Answer: The definition of "relations" in the given sentence is an abstraction belonging to or characteristic of two entities or
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	Answer: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers, a sort of parliament of ringing groups, aims to improve relations
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	Answer: The sentence "The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers, a sort of parliament of ringing groups, aims
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "president" in the given sentence is "an executive officer of a firm or corporation
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hopes" in the given sentence is "expect and wish."
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "speak" in the given sentence is "exchange thoughts; talk with."
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "students" in the sentence "It hopes to speak to students at theological colleg
senseval2.d000.s050.t003	Answer: Theological is a noun that refers to the study of theology, which is the branch of philosophy that de
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "colleges" in the given sentence is "an institution of higher education created to
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "joys" in the given sentence is "something or someone that provides a source of
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bell ringing" in the given sentence is "persuasion of voters in
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	Answer: The sentence "It hopes to speak to students at theological colleges about the joys of bell ringing and
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "publish" refers to the process of putting a written work into print or having it
senseval2.d000.s050.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "booklet" in the given sentence is "a small book usually having a paper cover
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vicar" in the given sentence is (Church of England) a clerg
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "country" in the given sentence is "the territory occupied by a nation or country."
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "entitled" in the given sentence is "give a title to someone; make
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	Answer: The definition for "Bells" in the given sentence is "a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	Answer: The definition of "care" in the given sentence is "judiciousness in avoiding harm or danger."
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Says" in the sentence "Says Mr. Baldwin, 'We
senseval2.d000.s051.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Mr." in the given sentence is "a form of address for a man."
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "recognize" means "to be fully aware or cognizant of" or
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	Answer: The sentence "Says Mr. Baldwin, 'We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority
senseval2.d000.s051.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "longer" in the given sentence is "for more time."
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	Response: The sentence "Says Mr. Baldwin, 'We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "priority" in the given sentence is "preceding in time."
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	Answer: The sentence "Says Mr. Baldwin, 'We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	Response: The sentence "Says Mr. Baldwin, 'We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experience" in the given sentence is "the content of direct observation or participation
senseval2.d000.s052.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Mr." in the given sentence is "a form of address for a man."
senseval2.d000.s052.t001	Response: In addition to attacking the greater problem of lack of ringers, Mr. Baldwin is also addressing the
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "attacking" refers to launching an attack or assault on, which is
senseval2.d000.s052.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "greater" in the given sentence is "relatively large in size or number or extent
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "problem" in the given sentence is "source of difficulty." The sentence "Mr.
senseval2.d000.s052.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lack" in the given sentence is "the state of needing something that is absent
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is (horseshoes) the successful throw
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "survey" in the given sentence is "short descriptive summary (of events)
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "says" in the sentence "One survey says that
senseval2.d000.s053.t002	Response: According to the given text, "trained" in the sentence "One survey says that of the 10
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bellringers" in the given sentence is "someone who plays musical handb
senseval2.d000.s053.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "England" in the given sentence is "a division of the United Kingdom."
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "today" in the given sentence is "the day that includes the present moment."
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence "One survey says
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "still" in the given sentence is "despite anything to the contrary (
senseval2.d000.s054.t000	Answer: Also, ringers do not always live where the bells need to be rung, like in small, rural
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "ringers" refers to people who do not always live where the bells need
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "always" in the given sentence is "at all times" as it implies that ring
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "live" in the following sentence means to continue to live through hardship or advers
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bells" in the given sentence is "a phonetician and father of
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "need" in the given sentence is "have a need for."
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "rung" refers to the sound that bells make when they are rung
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "small" in the sentence "Also, ringers do not always live where the
senseval2.d000.s054.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rural" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the countr
senseval2.d000.s054.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parishes" in the given sentence is "a local church community" as it is
senseval2.d000.s054.t010	The most suitable meaning for "inner-city" in the given sentence is "small, rural parishes and inner-city
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	Answer: The sentence "But the council's program to attract and train ringers is only partly successful, says Mr.
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "program" in this context refers to a series of steps or goals that are intended
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	Answer: The sentence "But the council's program to attract and train ringers is only partly successful, says Mr.
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "train" in the following sentence means "to educate or teach children for a
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is "a person who is almost identical to another."
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "only" in the given sentence is "except that."
senseval2.d000.s055.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "partly" in the given sentence is "not wholly."
senseval2.d000.s055.t007	Answer: The sentence "But the council's program to attract and train ringers is only partly successful, says Mr.
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "says" in the sentence "But the council's program to attract and
senseval2.d000.s055.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "Mr." in the given sentence is "a form of address for a man."
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "Right" in the sentence "Right now, we '
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "now" in the given sentence is "in the historical present" (i.e.,
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "lucky" refers to the fact that after five years, it is possible to
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	Response: According to the given text, "years" refers to a period of time that contains 365 days
senseval2.d000.s056.t004	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "keep" in the sentence "Right now, we '
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	Answer: According to the given text, "new" in the sentence "Right now, we're lucky if after
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is "a person who is almost identical to another."
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "adds" in the given sentence is "bestow a quality on."
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bright" in the given sentence is "made smooth and bright by rubbing;
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	Answer: Definition 4: (astrology) one of 12 equal areas into which the zodiac is
senseval2.d000.s057.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "growing" refers to the process of increasing in size or size by natural
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "number" refers to the concept of quantity involving zero and units. Therefore, the
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the given sentence is "women as a class." The sentence
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "entered" in the given sentence is "to come or go into" as it refers
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "once" in the given sentence is "as soon as" because it indicates that a
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	Answer: The definition for "field" in the given sentence is "a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
senseval2.d000.s057.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning greater in number." The quant
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "third" in the given sentence is "the third from the lowest forward ratio gear in
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is "a person who is almost identical to another."
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "today" in the given sentence is "the day that includes the present moment."
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the given sentence is "women as a class." The sentence
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "They are not accepted everywhere, however" means that the given individuals or entities are
senseval2.d000.s058.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "everywhere" in the given sentence is "to or in any or all places;
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "however" is used to emphasize the fact that despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bell-ringing" in the following sentence is "persuasion of voters
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "group" in the given sentence is "a set that is closed, associative,
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	Answer: The sentence "The oldest bell-ringing group in the country, the Ancient Society of College Youths,
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	Answer: The definition of "founded" in the given sentence is "set up or lay the groundwork for."
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "remains" in the given sentence is "stay the same" as it describes
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fact" in the given sentence is "a piece of information about circumstances that exist or
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "particularly" in the given sentence is "uniquely or characteristically
senseval2.d000.s059.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "galling" in the given sentence is "causing irritation or annoy
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the sentence "The oldest bell-ringing group in the country
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "group" in the given sentence is "a set that is closed, associative,
senseval2.d000.s059.t010	Answer: The definition of "source" in the given sentence is "a person or organization that provides information or inspiration for
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the given sentence is "sole source of ringers for Britain'
senseval2.d000.s059.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Britain" in the given sentence is "the United Kingdom." The sentence refers
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "most" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning the greatest in number." The
senseval2.d000.s059.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prestigious" in the given sentence is "exerting influence by reason of
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "churches" in the given sentence is "a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s060.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Britain" in the given sentence is "United Kingdom." The word "
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "woman" in the sentence "This being Britain, no woman has filed an
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "filed" in the given sentence is "filed in a court of law."
senseval2.d000.s060.t003	The most suitable meaning for "equal-opportunity" in the given sentence is "the right to equivalent opportunities for
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	Response: The most suitable meaning for "suit" in the given sentence is "a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "extent" in the given sentence is "the distance or area or volume over which something
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "problem" in the given sentence is "source of difficulty." The phrase "no woman
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "surfaced" in the given sentence is "appear or become visible" as
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "summer" in the given sentence is "the period of finest development, happiness
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "series" refers to a set of contests played successively by the same teams
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "letters" in the given sentence is "a written message addressed to a person or
senseval2.d000.s060.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "weekly" in the given sentence is "occurring every seven days."
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "newspaper" in the given sentence is "a physical object that is the product
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the given sentence is "a contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "writer" in the given sentence is "a person who is able to write and has
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "signing" in the given sentence is "make the sign of the cross over someone
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "letter" in the given sentence is "owner who lets another person use something (h
senseval2.d000.s061.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Red-blooded" in the given sentence is "endowed with or exhibiting
senseval2.d000.s061.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "balanced" in the given sentence is "in a state of proper equilibrium."
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "male" in the given sentence is "an animal that produces gametes (spermato
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "remarked" in the given sentence is "make or write a comment on."
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "frequency" in the given sentence is "the number of occurrences within a given
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the sentence "One writer, signing his letter as "Red-
senseval2.d000.s061.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fainting" in the given sentence is "pass out from weakness, physical
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "suggested" in the given sentence is "intimate by a hint."
senseval2.d000.s061.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "settle" in the given sentence is "arrange or fix in the desired order
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "back" in the given sentence is "in or to or toward the back or rear."
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "traditional" in the given sentence is "pertaining to time-honored
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	Answer: The correct definition for "role" in the given sentence is "an actor's portrayal of someone in
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "making" in the given sentence is "to cause to do; cause to act in
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tea" in the given sentence is "a light midafternoon meal
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "meetings" in the given sentence is "a place where things merge or flow
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "torrent" in the given sentence is "a heavy rain."
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "replies" in the given sentence is the speech act of continuing a conversational exchange
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	Answer: The sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman ringer from Solihull observed that
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	Answer: The sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman ringer from Solihull observed that
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "ringer" in the sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "observed" in the given sentence is "show respect towards."
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	Answer: The sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman ringer from Solihull observed that
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "male" in the sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "ringer" in the sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one
senseval2.d000.s062.t009	Answer: The definition for "leaves" in the sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman
senseval2.d000.s062.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "quite" in the given sentence is "to a degree."
senseval2.d000.s062.t011	Answer: The sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman ringer from Solihull observed that
senseval2.d000.s062.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "desired" in the given sentence is "express a desire for."
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	Answer: The sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman ringer from Solihull observed that
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	Answer: The sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman ringer from Solihull observed that
senseval2.d000.s062.t015	Answer: The sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman ringer from Solihull observed that
senseval2.d000.s062.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "acne" in the sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed,
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	Answer: The sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed, one woman ringer from Solihull observed that
senseval2.d000.s062.t018	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "frequently" in the given sentence is "occasionally or frequently."
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	Answer: The correct definition for "unwashed" in the sentence "In the torrent of replies that followed,
senseval2.d000.s062.t020	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unbearably" in the given sentence is "to an unbearable
senseval2.d000.s062.t021	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flatulent" in the given sentence is "suffering from excessive gas
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the sentence "Another women wrote from Sheffield to say
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "wrote" refers to the act of writing a letter or writing a literary work
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "say" in this context means "to report or maintain" or "to express
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "years" refers to a period of time that is used for some particular activity
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "never" in the given sentence is "not at all; certainly not; not
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	Answer: The sentence "Another women wrote from Sheffield to say that in her 60 years of ringing
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lady" in the given sentence is "a woman of the peerage in Britain
senseval2.d000.s063.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "faint" in the given sentence is "pass out from weakness, physical or
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "belfry" in the given sentence is "a room (often at the
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	Answer: Definition 1: perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sightAccording to the
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "men" refers to a generic use of the word to refer to any human being
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "die" refers to the physical death of a person, which is indicated by the
senseval2.d000.s064.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bless" in the given sentence is "consecrate." The sentence refers to
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Medical" in the given sentence is "of or belonging to Aesculap
senseval2.d001.s000.t001	Answer: Scientists are those who study and research various scientific fields, including medicine. In the given sentence, "scient
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Medical scientists are starting to uncover a handful of genes which
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "handful" in the given sentence is "a small quantity that can be held in
senseval2.d001.s000.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unleash" in the given sentence is "turn loose or free from restraint
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chaotic" in the given sentence is "of or relating to a sensitive dependence
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "growth" refers to the process of an individual organism changing from a
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to any small compartment or small unit serving as part of
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "characterizes" in the given sentence is "be characteristic of."
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s001.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Scientists" in the given sentence is "a person with advanced knowledge of one
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, the definition for "say" in this context is "report or maintain" (0
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is "a productive insight."
senseval2.d001.s001.t003	Answer: The definition of "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "recent" in the sentence "Scientists say
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "a time unit of approximately 30
senseval2.d001.s001.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "painting" in the given sentence is "startling picture of how cancer develops
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "new" in the sentence "Scientists say the discovery of these genes
senseval2.d001.s001.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, the definition of "startling" is "painting a new and startling
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "develops" in the following sentence is "gain
senseval2.d001.s002.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "emerging" in the sentence means "expected to produce an array of new strateg
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "understanding" in the given sentence is "an array of new strategies for future
senseval2.d001.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity."
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "expected" in the sentence "An emerging understanding of the genes is expected
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "produce" refers to the expected development of new strategies for future cancer treatment
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "array" in the given sentence is "an impressive display of decorative clothing
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "new" in the sentence "An emerging understanding of the genes is expected
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "strategies" in the given sentence is "an array of new strategies for
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "future" in the given sentence is "yet to be or coming" as
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "An emerging understanding of the genes is expected to produce an array of new
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "treatment" refers to the management of someone or something, as in the
senseval2.d001.s002.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prevention" in the given sentence is "the act of preventing."
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "future" in the given sentence is "a verb tense that expresses actions
senseval2.d001.s004.t000	Answer: Prior to a specified or implied time, scientists are developing tests based on the newly identified genes that can
senseval2.d001.s004.t001	Answer: Scientists are developing tests based on the newly identified genes that can predict whether an otherwise healthy individual is likely
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "developing" in the following sentence refers to the process of creating a test based
senseval2.d001.s004.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "tests" is "a standardized procedure for measuring
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	Answer: Based on the newly identified genes, scientists are developing tests that can predict whether an otherwise healthy individual is
senseval2.d001.s004.t005	Answer: Based on the newly identified genes, scientists are developing tests that can predict whether an otherwise healthy individual is
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "identified" in the following sentence is "conce
senseval2.d001.s004.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity."
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "first" refers to the fact that scientists are developing tests based on the newly
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "time" in the sentence refers to the period of time considered as a resource under
senseval2.d001.s004.t010	Answer: Predict is the correct choice for "predict" in the given sentence. Predict indicates making a prediction about something
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "otherwise" in the sentence "Already, scientists are developing tests based
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	Answer: According to the given sentence, "healthy" refers to having or indicating good health in body or mind,
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "individual" in the given sentence is "a single organism."
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	Answer: According to the given sentence, "likely" in the sentence "Scientists are developing tests based on the newly
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	Response: According to the given text, "get" in the sentence "Already, scientists are developing tests based on
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	Response: According to the given text, "It's a super-exciting set of discoveries, " says
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is "something that is discovered."
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	Answer: According to the given text, "It's a super-exciting set of discoveries, " says
senseval2.d001.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "researcher" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes himself
senseval2.d001.s005.t004	Answer: 4) only a very short time before; ; ; ; ; - W.B.Yeats
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	Response: According to the given text, the definition for "found" in the sentence "It's a super-ex
senseval2.d001.s005.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "gene" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing
senseval2.d001.s005.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pivotal" in the given sentence is "crucial" as it implies
senseval2.d001.s005.t008	Answer: According to the given text, "triggering" in the sentence "It's a super-exciting
senseval2.d001.s005.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "colon" in the given sentence is "a punctuation mark (:) used after a
senseval2.d001.s005.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a super-exciting set of discover
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	Answer: Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level. The sentence
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The correct definition for "decade" in the given sentence is "a period of 10 years."
senseval2.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable meaning for "ago" in the given sentence is "in the past." The sentence "Only a decade
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "knew" refers to being aware of a fact or a specific piece of information
senseval2.d001.s006.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nothing" in the given sentence is "a quantity of no importance."
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "molecular" in the given sentence is "relating to simple or elementary organization
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "level" in this context refers to a specific identifiable position in a continuum
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Today" in the given sentence is "the day that includes the present moment
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "know" refers to the ability to recognize and distinguish between different genes that can
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "accumulation" in the given sentence is "the act of adding to a group
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	Answer: The sentence "Today, we know that the accumulation of several of these altered genes can initi
senseval2.d001.s007.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "initiate" refers to the process of bringing about a cancer or its deadly
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "cancer" refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by ab
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "then" refers to the subsequent or soon afterward occurrence of the altered gen
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "propel" refers to the process of moving forward with force or giving an in
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "deadly" refers to the accumulation of several altered genes that
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "state" refers to the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of
senseval2.d001.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Scientists" in the given sentence is "a person with advanced knowledge of one
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "call" in the following sentence is "assign a specified
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "new" in the sentence "Scientists call the new class of genes
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "class" in the given sentence is "a collection of things sharing a common attribute."
senseval2.d001.s008.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "simply" in the given sentence is "in a simple manner" or "without
senseval2.d001.s008.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "anti-cancer" in the given sentence is "used in the treatment of cancer
senseval2.d001.s008.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "functioning" in the given sentence is "serve a purpose, role, or function
senseval2.d001.s009.t001	Answer: Under normal conditions, they make proteins that hold a cell's growth in check.
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	Response: The sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that hold a cell's growth in check" uses
senseval2.d001.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "proteins" in the given sentence is "essential in the diet of animals
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	Response: The sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that hold a cell's growth in check" suggests
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "cell" refers to any small compartment or any device that delivers an electric
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	Response: The sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that hold a cell's growth in check" suggests
senseval2.d001.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "susceptible to damage." The
senseval2.d001.s010.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "perhaps" in the given sentence is "by chance."
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	Response: The sentence "But if the genes are damaged -- perhaps by radiation, a chemical or through a chance accident
senseval2.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable meaning for "chemical" in the given sentence is "material produced by or used in a reaction involving changes
senseval2.d001.s010.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chance" in the given sentence is "occurring or appearing or singled
senseval2.d001.s010.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "accident" refers to an unfortunate mishap or an unint
senseval2.d001.s010.t007	Response: The sentence "But if the genes are damaged -- perhaps by radiation, a chemical or through a chance accident
senseval2.d001.s010.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "division" refers to the act or process of dividing something into smaller parts
senseval2.d001.s010.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "proteins" in the given sentence is "any of a large group of nitro
senseval2.d001.s010.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "longer" in the given sentence is "for more time."
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "work" refers to the process of performing mental or physical work for a purpose or
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	Response: According to the given text, "cells" refers to any small compartment or small unit serving as part of
senseval2.d001.s010.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "normally" in the given sentence is "under normal conditions."
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	Answer: The sentence "But if the genes are damaged -- perhaps by radiation, a chemical or through a chance accident
senseval2.d001.s010.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the given sentence is "characterized by progressive and un
senseval2.d001.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "newly" in the given sentence is "recently."
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	Response: The correct definition for "identified" in the given sentence is "conceive of as united or associated
senseval2.d001.s011.t002	Answer: The newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in the early 1980s called
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "differ" in the given sentence is "be of different opinions."
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "family" in the given sentence is "a social unit living together."
senseval2.d001.s011.t005	Answer: The newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in the early 1980s called
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "discovered" in the given sentence is "make a discovery."
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "early" in the given sentence is "at or near the beginning of a period of
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	Answer: Definition 1: Assign a specified (usually proper) proper name toIn the sentence "The
senseval2.d001.s011.t009	Answer: The newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in the early 1980s called
senseval2.d001.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Oncogenes" in the given sentence is "a gene that disposes normal
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "present" in the given sentence is "temporal sense" as it suggests that
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "cell" in the following sentence refers to any small compartment or small unit serving
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "become" in the sentence "Oncogenes must be present for a
senseval2.d001.s012.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the given sentence is "dangerous to health" as
senseval2.d001.s012.t005	Answer: According to the given text, "researchers" refers to scientists who devote themselves to doing research.
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "Oncogenes must be present for a cell to become malignant,
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "normal" in the following sentence means "in accordance with scientific laws." Therefore
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oncogenes must be present for a cell to become malignant, but research
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to any small compartment or small unit serving as part of
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "suggesting" in the sentence "Oncogenes must be present
senseval2.d001.s012.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oncogenes" in the given sentence is "a gene that disposes normal cells
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cause" in the given sentence is "cause to happen or occur" as
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "recent" in the sentence "In recent months, researchers have come to
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "time unit of approximately 30 days
senseval2.d001.s013.t002	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the sentence "In recent months
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "come" in the sentence refers to the process of reaching a destination or arriving
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, the definition for "believe" is "to judge or regard; look upon;
senseval2.d001.s013.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "types" refers to the subdivision of a particular kind of thing, which
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s013.t007	Answer: The definition of "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s013.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "work" in this context refers to the oncogene's ability to turn
senseval2.d001.s013.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "in concert" in the given sentence is "working together."
senseval2.d001.s013.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oncogene" in the given sentence is "a gene that disposes normal cells to
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	Answer: The sentence "In recent months, researchers have come to believe the two types of cancer genes work in concert
senseval2.d001.s013.t012	Answer: According to the given sentence, "proliferating" refers to the process of cells growing rapidly and increasing in
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms
senseval2.d001.s013.t014	Answer: According to the given sentence, "malignant" in the sentence means "dangerous to health" or
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that."
senseval2.d001.s013.t016	Answer: The definition of "gene" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the sentence "In recent months,
senseval2.d001.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in
senseval2.d001.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the given sentence is "receive by genetic transmission."
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copies" in the given sentence is "exclusive of graphical materials."
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parent" in the given sentence is "one who begets or one who gives birth
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "a reproduction of a written record."
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "make" in the given sentence is "to cause to be or to occur, not
senseval2.d001.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "proteins" in the given sentence is "essential in the diet of animals
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "needed" in the given sentence is "have or feel a need for."
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "control" in this context refers to the ability to regulate or influence the behavior
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "cell" refers to either a small compartment or a device that delivers an
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "growth" refers to the process of an individual organism changing from a
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "cancer" refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by ab
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "arise" refers to the process of coming into existence or taking on form or
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copies" in the given sentence is "material suitable for a journalistic account."
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "impaired" in the given sentence is "mentally or physically unfit
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "person" in the given sentence is "grammatical category used in the classification of
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "born" in the given sentence is "have rightfully" as it means "to
senseval2.d001.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defective" in the given sentence is "markedly subnormal in structure or
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "material suitable for a journalistic account."
senseval2.d001.s016.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "suppressor gene" in the given sentence is "a gene that suppresses the
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "material suitable for a journalistic account."
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "susceptible to damage."
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "early" in the given sentence is "before the usual time or the time expected."
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	Answer: Definition 1: A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene, or in whom
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "especially" in the given sentence is "in a special manner." The sentence states
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "need" in the given sentence is "have a need for." The sentence states that
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that."
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	Response: According to the given sentence, "lose" refers to the condition of a person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "material suitable for a journalistic account."
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	Answer: Definition 1: A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene, or in whom
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Emerging genetic tests" refers to the development of new genetic tests
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "genetic" refers to the science of genetics.
senseval2.d001.s017.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "tests" in the following sentence is "a set of
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "able" in the following sentence refers to having the necessary means or skill or know
senseval2.d001.s017.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "spot" in the given sentence is "mark with a spot or spots so as
senseval2.d001.s017.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "such" in the given sentence is "of such a degree or extent" as it
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "individuals" in the given sentence is "a single organism."
senseval2.d001.s017.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ushering in" in the given sentence is "predicted" or "predicted
senseval2.d001.s017.t008	Answer: Scientists are individuals who have advanced knowledge of one or more sciences.
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "believe" is "credit with veracity."
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "new" in the following sentence refers to emerging genetic tests that will be
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "age" in the following sentence refers to an era of history having some distinctive
senseval2.d001.s017.t012	Answer: Predictive cancer diagnosis refers to the ability of emerging genetic tests to identify individuals who are at a
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	Response: According to the given sentence, "emerging genetic tests" refers to new and advanced diagnostic tests that can
senseval2.d001.s017.t014	Answer: The definition of "diagnosis" in the given sentence is "the process of identifying the nature or cause
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "first" in the given sentence is "serving to begin."
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "beneficiaries" in the given sentence is "the semantic role of the intended
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "new" in the given sentence is "unfamiliar."
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "findings" in the given sentence is "something that is found."
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "couple" in the given sentence is "a pair of people who live together."
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "knew" in the given sentence is "know the nature or character of" as
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "even" in the given sentence is "to the full extent."
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "before" in the given sentence is "at or in the front."
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "became" in the given sentence is "enhance the appearance of."
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pregnant" in the given sentence is "filled with or attended with."
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "child" in the sentence "The Dedham, Mass., couple knew even before
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chance" in the given sentence is "a possibility due to a favorable combination
senseval2.d001.s019.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "risk" in the given sentence is "a source of danger" as it implies
senseval2.d001.s019.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the following sentence is "malignant ocular
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eye" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	Answer: The definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in the
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "occurs" in the given sentence is "to be found to exist."
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "about" in the following sentence is "all but."
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "once" in the given sentence is "at a previous time."
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "births" in the given sentence is "kinship relation of an offspring
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "knew" refers to having firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "carried" in the given sentence is "transmit or serve as the medium for
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "being unjustly brought into dis
senseval2.d001.s020.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	Answer: The sentence "Mr. Quinlan, 30 years old, knew he carried a damaged gene,
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eye" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval2.d001.s020.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rare" in the given sentence is "marked by an uncommon quality; especially
senseval2.d001.s020.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the given sentence is "an abnormal new mass of t
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that."
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Mr. Quinlan, 30 years old, knew he carried a
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	Answer: The sentence "Mr. Quinlan, 30 years old, knew he carried a damaged gene,
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature."
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	Answer: The sentence "Mr. Quinlan, 30 years old, knew he carried a damaged gene,
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Mr. Quinlan, 30 years old, knew he carried a
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	Answer: The sentence "Because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor-suppressor gene
senseval2.d001.s021.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the given sentence is "malignant ocular
senseval2.d001.s021.t002	Answer: The definition of "gene" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	Answer: The sentence "Because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor-suppressor gene
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "possible" in the given sentence is "capable of happening or existing in possibility."
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "last" in the given sentence is "most unlikely or unsuitable."
senseval2.d001.s021.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "January" in the given sentence is "the first month of the year"
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	Answer: To find out is the correct choice for "find out" in the given sentence because it means to get to know
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	Answer: The definition of "threat" in the given sentence is "something that is a source of danger, a
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "baby" in the given sentence is "youngest member of a group (
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	Answer: The sentence "Because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor-suppressor gene
senseval2.d001.s022.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "test" in the given sentence is "a standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	Answer: Choosing the correct definition for "using" in the given sentence is "use up, consume fully."
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "new" in the sentence "A test using new 'genetic probes'
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	Answer: The sentence "A test using new 'genetic probes' showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "showed" in the sentence "A test using new 'genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	Answer: The sentence "A test using new "genetic probes" showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the given sentence is "obtained from someone after their
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "unjustly brought into disreput
senseval2.d001.s022.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the given sentence is "malignant ocular
senseval2.d001.s022.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "supressor gene" in the given sentence is "a gene that suppresses the
senseval2.d001.s022.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "therefore" is a logical conclusion that follows from the fact or reason or as
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "faced" in the sentence "A test using new 'genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning greater in number." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	Answer: According to the given sentence, "risk" refers to the probability of becoming infected given that exposure to
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "children" in the given sentence is "immature childish person."
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	Answer: According to the given text, "developing" in the sentence "A test using new " genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t017	Answer: According to the given sentence, "rare" means having a low density or having an uncommon quality.
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	Answer: According to the given sentence, "cancer" refers to a type of cancer that is caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	Response: According to the given text, "It made our New Year, " says Mr. Quinlan, the most
senseval2.d001.s023.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "New Year" in the given sentence is "the calendar year just begun."
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "It made our New Year, says Mr. Quinlan" means that Mr
senseval2.d001.s024.t000	Response: The correct definition for "test" in the given sentence is "a standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "first" in the given sentence is "serving to begin."
senseval2.d001.s024.t002	Answer: Predict is the correct choice for "predict" in the given sentence. Predict means to indicate by signs that
senseval2.d001.s024.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "reliably" in the given sentence is "in a faithful manner."
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "individual" in the given sentence is "a single organism."
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "expect" is "look forward to the probable occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "develop" in the given sentence is "gain through experience."
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Equally" in the given sentence is "in equal amounts or shares; in a
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "important" in the given sentence is "vital to the resolution of a crisis."
senseval2.d001.s025.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "initial" in the given sentence is "occurring at the beginning."
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is "something that is discovered."
senseval2.d001.s025.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The initial
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "controls" in the given sentence is "check or regulate (a scientific experiment)
senseval2.d001.s025.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retinal" in the given sentence is "relating to the retina of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	Answer: The definition for "cell" in the given sentence is "a small compartment or unit serving as part of or
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "growth" in the sentence "Equally important, the initial discovery of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	Response: The most suitable meaning for "made" in the given sentence is "engage in" as "made" is
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is a licensed medical practitioner.
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "named" in the given sentence is "give the name or identifying characteristics of;
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "opened" in the given sentence is "start to operate or functioning."
senseval2.d001.s025.t013	Answer: The definition of "field" in the given sentence is "a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s025.t015	Answer: The definition for "study" in the given sentence is "a detailed critical inspection" (0).
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recent" in the given sentence is "of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "time unit of approximately 30 days
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	Answer: Definition 4: Explode as a result of air pressure; of stop consonants like /p/,
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "turns out" refers to the fact that studying a rare and uncommon tum
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "studying" refers to the process of learning about a particular subject or topic in
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tragic" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	Answer: The sentence "It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about
senseval2.d001.s026.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "tumor" refers to an abnormal new mass of tissue that serves
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The sentence "It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about the most
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	Answer: According to the given text, "fundamental" in the sentence "It turns out that studying a tragic but
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	Answer: The definition of "insights" in the given sentence is "a feeling of understanding."
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	Answer: The sentence "It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the sentence "It turns out that
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "director" in the given sentence is "someone who supervises the actors and
senseval2.d001.s027.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "obvious" in the given sentence is "easily perceived by the sens
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "public" refers to a body of people sharing some common interest.
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	Answer: The sentence "All this may not be obvious to the public, which is concerned about advances in treatment, but
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	Answer: Definition 5: Increase in price or value.
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	Answer: The sentence "All this may not be obvious to the public, which is concerned about advances in treatment, but
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	Answer: The sentence "All this may not be obvious to the public, which is concerned about advances in treatment, but
senseval2.d001.s027.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "research" in this context refers to a systematic investigation to establish facts.
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "begin" in this context means "set in motion, cause to start" or
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "showing" in this context means "establishing the validity of
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "results" in the given sentence is "something that solves a problem or explains how to solve
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "there" in the given sentence is "to or toward that place; away from the
senseval2.d001.s027.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "soon" refers to the future, indicating that the basic research is likely to
senseval2.d001.s028.t000	Answer: To date, scientists have identified two cancer-suppressors, which means that they have already discovered and identified
senseval2.d001.s028.t001	Answer: Scientists are individuals who have advanced knowledge of one or more sciences.
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	Response: The sentence "Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986"
senseval2.d001.s029.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the given sentence is "malignant ocular
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is (law) compulsory pretrial
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Then" in the given sentence is "as a consequence."
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "last" in the given sentence is "most unlikely or unsuitable."
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "spring" is "a natural flow of ground water."
senseval2.d001.s030.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "researchers" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes themselves to
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "reported" refers to the finding of a gene called p53 which,
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "finding" in the sentence "Then last spring,
senseval2.d001.s030.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The research
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	Response: The sentence "Then last spring, researchers reported finding a gene called p53 which, if impaired
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "impaired" in the given sentence is "imperfect."
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	Answer: The sentence "Then last spring, researchers reported finding a gene called p53 which, if impaired
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "healthy" means having or indicating good health in body or mind, finan
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "colon" in the given sentence is "the basic unit of money in El Salvador."
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	Response: According to the given text, "cells" refers to the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancerous" in the given sentence is "like a cancer; an evil that
senseval2.d001.s031.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Soon" in the given sentence is "in the near future."
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "report" refers to the act of informing by verbal report, which is
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the sentence "Soon after that report, two other research teams un
senseval2.d001.s031.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "research" refers to a systematic investigation to establish facts.
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "teams" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the given sentence is "indication that makes something evident."
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature."
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	Answer: The sentence "Soon after that report, two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p
senseval2.d001.s031.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the sentence "Soon after that report, two other research teams
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	Answer: The sentence "Soon after that report, two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tissue" in the given sentence is "a soft thin (usually transluc
senseval2.d001.s031.t011	The sentence "Soon after that report, two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53
senseval2.d001.s031.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "breast" in the given sentence is "the part of an animal's body that
senseval2.d001.s031.t013	Response: According to the given material, the sentence "Soon after that report, two other research teams uncovered evidence
senseval2.d001.s032.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Colon" in the given sentence is "the basic unit of money in El Salvador
senseval2.d001.s032.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lung" in the sentence "Colon, lung and breast cancers are the most
senseval2.d001.s032.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "breast" in the given sentence is "the part of an animal's body that
senseval2.d001.s032.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancers" in the following sentence is "a type genus of the family Cancr
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "most" in the given sentence is "all but." The sentence "Colon,
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "common" in the given sentence is "widely known or commonly encountered" as it
senseval2.d001.s032.t006	Answer: The most common and lethal forms of cancer are colon, lung, and breast cancer, collectively killing almost
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "forms" in the given sentence is "spatial attributes" as it describes the visual
senseval2.d001.s032.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "disease" in the given sentence is "a condition of abnormal functioning
senseval2.d001.s032.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "collectively" in the given sentence is "in conjunction with" or "comb
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	Answer: Definition 1: Killing is the most common and lethal form of cancer, collectively
senseval2.d001.s032.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "almost" in the given sentence is "all but."
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Americans" in the given sentence is "a native or inhabitant of the
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "year" in the given sentence is "a period of time occupying a regular part
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Right" in the given sentence is "in an accurate manner."
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "now" in the given sentence is "at the present moment."
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	Answer: (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct.
senseval2.d001.s033.t003	The correct definition for "dozen" in the given sentence is "the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "laboratories" in the given sentence is "a workplace for the conduct of
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is "the executive and legislative and judicial
senseval2.d001.s033.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "Canada" in the given sentence is "a nation in northern North America" (i
senseval2.d001.s033.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Britain" in the given sentence is "United Kingdom."
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "racing" in the given sentence is "to work as fast or to rush or
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval2.d001.s033.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "about" in the given sentence is (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close
senseval2.d001.s035.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Researchers" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes themselves
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor gen
senseval2.d001.s035.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "alone" in the given sentence is "without any others being included or involved."
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "combination" in the following sentence means the act of arranging elements into
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "appears" refers to the inactivation of tumor-suppressor
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "crucial" in the given sentence is "vital to the resolution of a
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "development" refers to the process of improving or expanding or refining something
senseval2.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable meaning for "such" in the given sentence is "of so extreme a degree or extent." The sentence states
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scourges" in the given sentence is "something causing misery or death."
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "brain" in the following sentence is "mental
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	Response: According to the given sentence, "skin" refers to the outer covering of a living animal, specifically the skin
senseval2.d001.s035.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kidney" in the given sentence is "kidney" in the context
senseval2.d001.s035.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prostate" in the given sentence is "a viscid secretion that is the
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cervix" in the given sentence is "necklike opening to the u
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the given sentence is "indication that makes something evident."
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inherit" in the given sentence is "receive by genetic transmission."
senseval2.d001.s036.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defective" in the given sentence is "markedly subnormal in structure or
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "versions" in this context refers to genes that are inherited from parents, which
senseval2.d001.s036.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity."
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "especially" in the given sentence is "in a special manner."
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s036.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "perhaps" in the given sentence is "by chance."
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "explaining" in the given sentence is "serve as a reason or cause or
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "finally" in the given sentence is "as the end result of a succession or
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancers" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seem" refers to the impression or outward aspect of something, as in
senseval2.d001.s036.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "haunt" in the given sentence is "be a regular or frequent visitor to a
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "certain" in the given sentence is "certainly explained" or "explained
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "families" in the given sentence is "a loose affiliation of gangsters in
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "story" in the given sentence is "a piece of fiction that narrates a chain
senseval2.d001.s037.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The definition
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "goes back" in the given sentence is "regain a former condition after a financial
senseval2.d001.s037.t003	The most suitable meaning for "1970s" in the given sentence is "the decade from 19
senseval2.d001.s037.t004	Answer: Pediatrician is a specialist in the care of babies.
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "named" in the given sentence is "give the names of" as it refers
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "proposed" in the sentence "The story of tumor-suppressor
senseval2.d001.s037.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the given sentence is "malignant ocular
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stemmed" in the given sentence is "originate in."
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "separate" in the given sentence is "separated according to race, sex,
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the science of
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defects" in the given sentence is "mark or flaw that spoils
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "theorized" in the given sentence is "to construct a theory about."
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eye" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s038.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "infant" in the given sentence is "a very young child who has not yet
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the given sentence is "obtained from someone after their
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "being unjustly brought into dis
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "a reproduction of a written record."
senseval2.d001.s038.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parent" in the given sentence is "one who begets or one who gives birth
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	Answer: In the sentence "He theorized that in the eye cancer, an infant inherited a damaged copy of a
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "a reproduction of a written record."
senseval2.d001.s039.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "tumor" in the given sentence is "an abnormal new mass of tissue
senseval2.d001.s039.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "suggested" in the sentence "The tumor, he suggested, developed
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "developed" in the given sentence is "gain through experience."
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "second" in the given sentence is "a part or voice or instrument or orchestra section
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "normal" in the given sentence is "forming a right angle."
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "matter suitable for a journalistic account."
senseval2.d001.s039.t006	Answer: The correct meaning for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition."
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is "suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "way" in this context refers to a general category of things, used in the
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "prove" in this context means "establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world."
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	Answer: The sentence "Back then, scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes, but under a
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "then" in the given sentence is "at that time." The sentence "Back then
senseval2.d001.s041.t002	Answer: Scientists at the time had no way of identifying specific genes, but under a microscope, they
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "way" refers to the general category of things, which is used in the expression
senseval2.d001.s041.t004	Answer: Ferreting out specific genes is a process of searching and discovering through persistent investigation.
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "specific" in the sentence refers to the fact that scientists had no way of
senseval2.d001.s041.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "a unit of heredity." Under
senseval2.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable meaning for "microscope" in the given sentence is "magnifier of the image of small objects
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	Answer: Definition 1: Under a microscope, scientists could see the 23 pairs of chromosom
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pairs" in the given sentence is "a set of two people considered as a
senseval2.d001.s041.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosomes" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	Response: According to the given text, "cells" refers to the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contain" in the given sentence is "hold back, as of a danger or
senseval2.d001.s041.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "a unit of heredity." Under
senseval2.d001.s042.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Occasionally" in the given sentence is "occasionally or here and there
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "gross" in this context refers to the presence of visible chromosome damage
senseval2.d001.s042.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damage" in the given sentence is "loss of military equipment."
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "visible" in the given sentence is "easily available."
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "found" in the sentence "Dr. Knudson found that some children with
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eye" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the given sentence is "receive by genetic transmission."
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "being unjustly brought into dis
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "a reproduction of a written record."
senseval2.d001.s043.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s043.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "No." in the given sentence is "the number designating place in an ordered sequence."
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parent" in the given sentence is "an organism (plant or animal) from
senseval2.d001.s043.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "disease" in the given sentence is "an impairment of health or
senseval2.d001.s044.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "microscope" in the given sentence is "magnifier of the image of
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	Answer: The correct meaning for "actually" in the given sentence is "at the present moment." The sentence is using
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	Answer: Definition 1: Under a microscope, he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 1
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bit" in the given sentence is "a small fragment" as it refers to a
senseval2.d001.s044.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s044.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "missing" in the given sentence is "fail to perceive or to catch with the
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "assumed" refers to taking on the role or responsibility of someone else without ver
senseval2.d001.s045.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "missing" in the given sentence is "fail to perceive or to catch with the sens
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	Response: The sentence "He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contained" in the given sentence is "lessen the intensity of" as it
senseval2.d001.s045.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s045.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "a unit of heredity." The
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "loss" in the given sentence is "gradual decline in amount or activity."
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "critical" in the sentence "He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "role" refers to the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "setting off" in the given sentence is "provoke or stir up."
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "cancer" refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by ab
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "know" in the sentence "But he did not know which gene or genes
senseval2.d001.s046.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s046.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Then" in the given sentence is "at that time."
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "scientific" refers to the practice of science, which is the application of
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "led" in the sentence "Then, a scientific team led by molecular gen
senseval2.d001.s047.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "molecular" in the given sentence is "relating to simple or elementary organization
senseval2.d001.s047.t005	Answer: A biologist who specializes in genetics.
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "then" in the given sentence is "at that time." The sentence "Then,
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	Response: According to the given text, "found" in the sentence "Then, a scientific team led by molecular gen
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	Response: The sentence "Then, a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cavenee, then at
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" in the following sentence means "to make work or employ for a particular
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	Response: The correct definition for "battery" in the given sentence is "a collection of related things intended for use
senseval2.d001.s048.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "newly" in the given sentence is "recently."
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "developed" in the following sentence refers to the process of making something new,
senseval2.d001.s048.t005	Answer: The definition of "gene" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s048.t006	Answer: The definition for "snippets" in the given sentence is "a small piece of anything (especially a
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	Answer: The definition of "genetic" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or produced by or being
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "material" in the given sentence is "information (data or ideas or observations) that
senseval2.d001.s048.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "track" in the given sentence is "go after with the intent to catch."
senseval2.d001.s048.t010	Answer: The definition of "gene" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "presence" in the given sentence is "the immediate proximity of someone or something."
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	Response: The definition for "cell" in the given sentence is "a small compartment or unit serving as part of or
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	Answer: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors, the researchers found defects in the second copy of chromos
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to the second copy of chromosome 13 in
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "extracted" in the sentence means to obtain from a substance, as by
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eye" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval2.d001.s049.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tumors" in the given sentence is "an abnormal new mass of t
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "found" in the sentence "By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors,
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	Answer: The sentence "By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors, they found defects in the second copy of chrom
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "second" refers to the second copy of chromosome 13 in the
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	Answer: The sentence "By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors, they found defects in the second copy of chrom
senseval2.d001.s049.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "exact" in the sentence "By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors
senseval2.d001.s049.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "area" in the sentence refers to the second copy of chromosome 1
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	Answer: The sentence "By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors, they found defects in the second copy of chrom
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	Answer: The sentence "By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors, they found defects in the second copy of chrom
senseval2.d001.s049.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "finding" in the given sentence is "the decision of a court on issues of
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	Answer: The sentence "It was the first time anyone had shown that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "time" in the given sentence is "a suitable moment."
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "showed" in the sentence "It was the first time anyone had shown that
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "loss" in the given sentence is "gradual decline in amount or activity."
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copies" in the given sentence is "a reproduction of a written record."
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature."
senseval2.d001.s051.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lead" in the given sentence is "preside over."
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "eruption" refers to the sudden occurrence of a violent discharge of steam
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s052.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "extraordinarily" in the given sentence is "extremely."
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "satisfying" in the given sentence is "providing abundant nourishment
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "It was extraordinarily satisfying, " says Dr. Knudson, now
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "now" in the sentence "It was extraordinarily
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "true" in this context means accurately placed or thrown, which is defined as
senseval2.d001.s053.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the given sentence is "malignant ocular
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "true" in this context means accurately placed or thrown, which is defined as
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "audacious" in the given sentence is "unrestrained by convention or propri
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "claim" in the given sentence is "demand for something as rightful or
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	Answer: The sentence "But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogelstein, a young molecular biologist at Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s055.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "molecular" in the given sentence is "relating to simple or elementary organization
senseval2.d001.s055.t002	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "biologist" in the sentence "But in Baltimore,
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "believed" in the sentence "But in Baltimore,
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "right" in the sentence "But in Baltimore, Dr
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "set out" means to lay out orderly or logically in a line or
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	Answer: To repeat an earlier theme of a composition, the sentence "But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogelstein, a
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experiment" in the given sentence is "testing of an idea."
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the sentence "But in Baltimore,
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	Response: Based on the given sentence, "other" in the sentence refers to the White Queen, who is not the same
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s056.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "research" refers to a systematic investigation to establish facts.
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "teams" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "report" refers to the fact that two research teams in 1984
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "dual" refers to the fact that two research teams reported the same finding in
senseval2.d001.s056.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "losses" in the given sentence is "gradual decline in amount or activity."
senseval2.d001.s056.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "rare" means having a low density, having uncommon quality, and having a
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "childhood" in the given sentence is "the time of person's life when
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s056.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kidney" in the given sentence is "one of two research teams in
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	Answer: Definition 1: Assign a specified (usually proper) proper name toIn the given sentence,
senseval2.d001.s056.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the given sentence is "an abnormal new mass of t
senseval2.d001.s057.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "next" in the given sentence is "at the time or occasion immediately following."
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "turned" in the given sentence is "go into."
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "attention" in the given sentence is "the process whereby a person concentrates on
senseval2.d001.s057.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "colon" in the given sentence is the part of the large intestine between the c
senseval2.d001.s057.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "second" in the given sentence is "a part or voice or instrument or orchestra section
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "biggest" in the given sentence is "very intense in position or importance."
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "killer" in the given sentence is "predatory black-and-white to
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is "the executive and legislative and judicial
senseval2.d001.s057.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lung" in the following sentence is "serves to provide oxygen to the blood
senseval2.d001.s057.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "believed" refers to the belief that multiple "hits" on cancer suppress
senseval2.d001.s058.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "colon" in the given sentence is "the basic unit of money in Costa Rica."
senseval2.d001.s058.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s058.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition."
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "arise" refers to the process of coming into existence or taking on form or
senseval2.d001.s058.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "multiple" in the given sentence is "consisting of more than one part or entity
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s058.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "suppressor genes" in the given sentence is "a gene that suppresses
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "frequently or in great quantities."
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seems" in this context means "appear to one's own mind
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "develop" in the given sentence is "gain through experience" as it describes the
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "stages" refers to a specific identifiable position in a continuum or process
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "frequently or in great quantities."
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	Answer: The sentence "It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel, which in some cases
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	Answer: The sentence "It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel, which in some cases
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the given sentence is "a small vascular growth on the
senseval2.d001.s059.t004	The most suitable meaning for "bowel" in the given sentence is "part of the alimentary canal between the stom
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cases" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances" (noun
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "become" refers to the development of polyps in the bowel, which
senseval2.d001.s059.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "increasingly" means "progressively or in increasing amounts." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s059.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the given sentence is "characterized by progressive and un
senseval2.d001.s059.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "identifiable" in the given sentence is "capable of being identified."
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stages" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continu
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "progressing" refers to the development of polyps in the bowel, which
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "less" in the given sentence is "comparative of little." The sentence uses
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "severe" in the given sentence is "very bad in degree or extent."
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	Answer: According to the given sentence, "deadly" means extremely poisonous or injurious, involving loss of
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	Answer: According to the given sentence, "genetic" refers to the science of genetics.
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damage" in the given sentence is "the act of damaging something or someone
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	Answer: According to the given sentence, "occurring" means "happening or occurring in a particular way
senseval2.d001.s060.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "doctoral" in the given sentence is "of or relating to a doctor
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "student" in the given sentence is "learned person" as "student" is
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "began" in the given sentence is "set in motion, cause to start."
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "a time unit of approximately 30
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tedious" in the given sentence is "frustratingly long and often b
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "frequently or in great quantities."
senseval2.d001.s060.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "frustrating" in the given sentence is "preventing realization or attain
senseval2.d001.s060.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "probing" in the given sentence is "examine physically with or as
senseval2.d001.s060.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosomes" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "searching" in the given sentence is "inquire into."
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	Answer: Definition 5: Having an indicated pole (as the distinction between positive and negative electric charges)In this
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the science of
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damage" in the given sentence is "loss of military equipment."
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "began" refers to the action of uncovering a confusing variety of gen
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "confusing" in the given sentence is "lacking clarity of meaning" as
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "variety" in the given sentence is "a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the science of
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "existing" in the given sentence is "support oneself."
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that."
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the given sentence is "a small vascular growth on the
senseval2.d001.s061.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the given sentence is "dangerous to health" as
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms
senseval2.d001.s061.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "many" in the given sentence is "large but indefinite number." The quant
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the given sentence is "a small vascular growth on the
senseval2.d001.s061.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the given sentence is "dangerous to health" as
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms
senseval2.d001.s062.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Gradually" in the given sentence is "in a gradual manner."
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "coherent" in the given sentence is "capable of thinking and expressing
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "picture" in the given sentence is "a clear and telling mental image."
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	Response: The sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged" suggests that the process of cancer
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "emerged" in the given sentence is "come up to the surface of or rise
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copies" in the given sentence is "material suitable for a journalistic account."
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "certain" in the given sentence is "certainly established" as it means "ex
senseval2.d001.s063.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	Answer: Knocking out means to eliminate or destroy a specific gene or gene copy. In the given sentence, "k
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the given sentence is "a small vascular growth on the
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	Answer: Definition 1: If both copies of a certain gene were knocked out, benign polyps would develop.
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copies" in the given sentence is "material suitable for a journalistic account."
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "second" in the given sentence is "a part or voice or instrument or orchestra section
senseval2.d001.s064.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "then" in the given sentence is "at that time." The sentence "If both
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "deleted" in the given sentence is "remove or make invisible."
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the given sentence is "a small vascular growth on the
senseval2.d001.s064.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "progress" in the given sentence is "form or accumulate steadily."
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignancy" in the given sentence is "quality of being disposed to evil
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "clear" in the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene had to
senseval2.d001.s065.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning greater in number." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s065.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s065.t004	Response: The correct definition for "colon" in the given sentence is "the basic unit of money in El Salvador."
senseval2.d001.s065.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "develop" refers to the process of making something new, such as a product or
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "report" in the given sentence is "a written document describing the findings of some individual
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	Answer: To stimulate (muscles) by administering a shock.
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal
senseval2.d001.s066.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "molecular" in the given sentence is "relating to simple or elementary organization
senseval2.d001.s066.t004	Answer: According to the given text, "biologists" refers to scientists who study living organisms. Therefore,
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "confirming evidence" refers to the new evidence or facts that strengthen the position
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the given sentence is "indication that makes something evident."
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "needed" in the given sentence is "have or feel a need for."
senseval2.d001.s067.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "gene" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "losses" in the given sentence is "gradual decline in amount or activity."
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	Answer: According to the given text, "critical" in the sentence "It was the confirming evidence we all needed
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "development" in the sentence "It was the confirming
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	Answer: According to the given text, "It was the confirming evidence we all needed that gene losses were critical to the
senseval2.d001.s067.t008	Answer: According to the given text, "tumor" in the sentence "It was the confirming evidence we all
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "It was the confirming evidence we all needed that gene losses were critical to the
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "yet" is used in a negative statement to describe a situation that has existed
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nail" in the sentence "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to n
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "identity" in the given sentence is "the distinct personality of an individual regarded as a
senseval2.d001.s068.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence is "a unit of heredity."
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	Response: According to the given text, "flipped" in the sentence "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "colon" in the given sentence is "the basic unit of money in El Salvador."
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cell" in the sentence "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "full-blown" in the given sentence is "having or displaying all
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignancy" in the sentence "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to
senseval2.d001.s069.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "focused on" in the given sentence is "center upon."
senseval2.d001.s069.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "a time unit of approximately 30
senseval2.d001.s070.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes himself
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	Answer: Using is a verb that means "to put into service, make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its
senseval2.d001.s070.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The research
senseval2.d001.s070.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experimentally" in the given sentence is "in an experimental fashion."
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "down" in the given sentence is "spatially or metaphorically from
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "length" in the given sentence is "continuance in time."
senseval2.d001.s070.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "looking" is "gaze" or "direct one
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	Answer: For months the Johns Hopkins researchers, using gene probes, experimentally crawled down the length of
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bit" in the given sentence is "a small fragment" as it refers to a
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	Answer: The sentence "For months the Johns Hopkins researchers, using gene probes, experimentally crawled down
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "material" in the given sentence is "information (data or ideas or observations) that
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	Response: According to the given sentence, "lost" refers to the fact that the Johns Hopkins researchers were unable
senseval2.d001.s070.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the given sentence is "an abnormal new mass of t
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	Response: The sentence "For months the Johns Hopkins researchers, using gene probes, experimentally crawled down
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "piece" in the given sentence is "an item that is an instance of some
senseval2.d001.s071.t001	Answer: (biochemistry) a long linear polymer found in the nucleus of a cell and formed from nucleot
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "probably" in this context means "with considerable certainty" or "without
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "constitute" in the given sentence is "to create and charge with a task or
senseval2.d001.s071.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "found" in the sentence "When they found it last winter, Dr. Vog
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "last" in the given sentence is "most unlikely or unsuitable."
senseval2.d001.s072.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "winter" in the given sentence is "the coldest season of the year"
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dubious" in the given sentence is "open to doubt or suspicion;
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "search" in the given sentence is "an investigation seeking answers."
senseval2.d001.s072.t005	Answer: The correct meaning for "over" in the given sentence is "having come to a conclusion."
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "doubts" in the given sentence is "uncertainty about the truth
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stemmed" in the given sentence is "originate in."
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	Answer: The sentence "His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Princeton University researcher
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "several" refers to a countable number of individuals or things, not
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "years" in the given sentence is "a period of time occupying a regular
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "earlier" in the given sentence is "comparatives of'soon'
senseval2.d001.s073.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "researcher" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes himself
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	Answer: Definition 1:The sentence "His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Pr
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experiments" in the given sentence is "testing of an idea."
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mice" in the given sentence is "person who is quiet or timid."
senseval2.d001.s073.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity" as it
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	Response: The sentence "His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Princeton University researcher
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	Response: According to the given sentence, "transform" in this context means "change or alter in form, appearance, or
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	Answer: According to the given sentence, "normal" in this context refers to conforming with scientific laws and being approximately average
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	Response: According to the given text, "cells" refers to the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancerous" in the given sentence is "like a cancer; an evil that
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ones" in the following sentence is "a single person or thing." The sentence "
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	Answer: Definition 1:The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the same spot as p5
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "exactly" in the given sentence is "just as it should be" or "in
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature."
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	Response: The definition for "spot" in the given sentence is "a point located with respect to surface features of some region
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "said" in the sentence "But Mr. Levine had said the p
senseval2.d001.s075.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence is "unit of heredity" as it
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "caused" in the given sentence is "suppress" as "caused"
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "promoting" refers to the Johns Hopkins scientists' attempt to find
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	Response: The correct definition for "growth" in the given sentence is (pathology) an abnormal prol
senseval2.d001.s075.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the given sentence is "a person with advanced knowledge of one
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "looking" in the sentence "But Mr. Levine had said the p5
senseval2.d001.s075.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence is "unit of heredity" as it
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "suppressed" in the following sentence is "to reduce the incidence or sever
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	Response: The correct definition for "growth" in the given sentence is (pathology) an abnormal prol
senseval2.d001.s076.t000	Answer: Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found in the human cancer cells with
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	Answer: The sentence "Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found in
senseval2.d001.s076.t002	Response: According to the given material, despite that, the Johns Hopkins scientists found that the gene they had found
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	Response: According to the given text, despite that, when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	Answer: The sentence "Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found in
senseval2.d001.s076.t005	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the sentence "Despite that
senseval2.d001.s076.t006	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the sentence "Despite that
senseval2.d001.s076.t007	Response: According to the given material, despite that, the Johns Hopkins scientists found that the gene they had found
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	Response: According to the given text, despite that, when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	Response: According to the given text, "identical" in the sentence "Despite that, when the Johns
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	Response: According to the given text, "turned out" refers to the fact that despite the Johns Hopkins scient
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the sentence "Despite that
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	Response: According to the given text, "Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene
senseval2.d001.s076.t013	Answer: Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found in the human cancer cells with
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	Answer: According to the given text, despite that, the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found in
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	Answer: The sentence "Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found in
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "form" in the sentence "Despite that,
senseval2.d001.s076.t017	Response: According to the given material, despite that, the Johns Hopkins scientists found that the gene they had found
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	Answer: The definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is "something that is discovered."
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	Answer: The definition for "suddenly" in the given sentence is "on impulse; without premeditation
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "puts" in the following sentence refers to the definition of "formulate in
senseval2.d001.s077.t003	Answer: The definition for "obscure" in the given sentence is "not clearly understood or expressed; difficult to find
senseval2.d001.s077.t004	Answer: The definition of "gene" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "right" in the sentence refers to the correctness or suitability of a particular
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "formation" in the given sentence is "the act of creating or establishing something."
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "says" in the sentence "The discovery `` suddenly puts an obscure gene
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	Answer: The definition for "leader" in the given sentence is "a featured article of merchandise sold at
senseval2.d001.s077.t010	Answer: The definition for "research" in the given sentence is "a systematic investigation to establish facts."
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Evidence" in the given sentence is "indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "now" in the given sentence is "in the historical present" as it indicates the
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "emerging" in this context means "coming out into view, as from conce
senseval2.d001.s078.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "suppressor gene" in the given sentence is "a gene that suppresses the
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "involved" in the given sentence is "engage as a participant."
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "too" in the given sentence is "in addition."
senseval2.d001.s079.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Researchers" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes himself
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	Response: According to the given text, "found" in the sentence "Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland, have found
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "breast" in the given sentence is "the part of an animal's body that
senseval2.d001.s079.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tumors" in the given sentence is "an abnormal new mass of t
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copy" in the given sentence is "exclusive of graphical materials."
senseval2.d001.s079.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s079.t006	Answer: Mutation refers to the change or alteration of a gene or DNA sequence. In the sentence "Researchers
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	Response: According to the given text, "spot" in the sentence "Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland, have found
senseval2.d001.s079.t008	Answer: The definition of "gene" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s080.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the given sentence is "a person with advanced knowledge of one
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, the definition for "say" in the sentence "The scientists say that since breast
senseval2.d001.s080.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "breast" in the following sentence is "the part
senseval2.d001.s080.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "frequently or in great quantities."
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "strikes" refers to the definition of "deliver a sharp blow,
senseval2.d001.s080.t006	Answer: The sentence "The scientists say that since breast cancer often strikes multiple members of certain families, the gene,
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "members" in the sentence "The scientists say that since breast cancer often strikes
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "certain" in the given sentence is "certainly established" as it means "ex
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "families" in the given sentence is "a loose affiliation of gangsters in
senseval2.d001.s080.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The scient
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	Answer: The definition for "inherited" in the sentence "The scientists say that since breast cancer often strikes
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "being unjustly brought into dis
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	Response: The definition for "form" in the given sentence is "a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the sentence "The scientists say that since breast cancer often strik
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s081.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The p
senseval2.d001.s081.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "just" in the given sentence is "at this moment or the moment described."
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "implicated" in the given sentence is "impose, involve, or imply as
senseval2.d001.s081.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lung" in the given sentence is "respiratory organ in the chest of
senseval2.d001.s081.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: The p53 gene has just been imp
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "report" in this context refers to a written document describing the findings of some
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "last" in the sentence refers to the fact that about half of the cells taken
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "week" in the given sentence is "a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday
senseval2.d001.s082.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "colleagues" refers to the people who work together in a team or profession
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence is "report or maintain
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	Answer: (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to the small compartments or units that make up all organ
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	Response: The sentence "In a report out last week, John Minna and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute say
senseval2.d001.s082.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "lung" refers to the two saclike respiratory organs in the ch
senseval2.d001.s082.t009	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the sentence "In a report out
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "tissue" in this context refers to a soft, thin paper.
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "tested" in the following sentence means "examine someone's knowledge
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	Answer: In a report out last week, John Minna and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute say that about half
senseval2.d001.s082.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity."
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "reports" refers to the act of informing by verbal report rather than
senseval2.d001.s083.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "labs" refers to a workplace for the conduct of scientific research.
senseval2.d001.s083.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "as" in the given sentence is "to the same degree" (as).
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "yet" is used in a negative statement to describe a situation that has existed
senseval2.d001.s083.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "unpublished" refers to reports from labs that have not yet been published
senseval2.d001.s083.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "missing" in the sentence refers to the absence of p53 genes in
senseval2.d001.s083.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity" as it
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tissue" in the given sentence is "a soft thin (usually transluc
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	Response: According to the given text, "taken" in the following sentence refers to the reports from several labs,
senseval2.d001.s083.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kidney" in the given sentence is "bean-shaped excretory
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "brain" in the given sentence is "that which is responsible for one's thoughts
senseval2.d001.s083.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "skin" refers to the outer covering of a living animal, specifically referring to
senseval2.d001.s083.t012	Answer: According to the given sentence, "cancers" refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by ab
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "At the same time" in the given sentence is "overlapping in duration."
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	Answer: The sentence "At the same time, the Johns Hopkins team and others are rushing to pinpoint other
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval2.d001.s084.t004	Answer: The definition of "genes" in the given sentence is "a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hopes" in the given sentence is "expect and wish" as it is
senseval2.d001.s085.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "soon" in the given sentence is "in the near future."
senseval2.d001.s085.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA in
senseval2.d001.s085.t003	Answer: In addition to the chromosome 18 involved in colon cancer, Dr. Vogelstein also hopes to
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence is "occupy or engage the interest
senseval2.d001.s085.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "colon" in the given sentence is "the basic unit of money in El Salvador."
senseval2.d001.s085.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s086.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "researcher" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes himself
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer, a researcher in Great
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	Answer: According to the given text, "finding" in the sentence "Ray White in Utah and Walter Bod
senseval2.d001.s086.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence is "a unit of heredity" as
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	Answer: The sentence "Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer, a researcher in Great Britain, are close
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "types" in the given sentence is "a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
senseval2.d001.s086.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "colon" in the given sentence is "the basic unit of money in El Salvador."
senseval2.d001.s086.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation in
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the sentence "Ray White in
senseval2.d001.s086.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chromosome" in the given sentence is "a threadlike strand of DNA
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "believes" refers to the belief that people who inherit a defective gene somewhere
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	Answer: (plural) any group of human beings (men or women or children) collectively, meaning the general
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "inherit" refers to the transmission of genetic information from one generation to the
senseval2.d001.s087.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "defective" refers to a genetic condition that causes a person to inherit
senseval2.d001.s087.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "gene" refers to a segment of DNA that is involved in producing a pol
senseval2.d001.s087.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "somewhere" in the given sentence is "somewhere" (informal).
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "copies" in the given sentence is "material suitable for a journalistic account."
senseval2.d001.s087.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "chromosome" refers to a threadlike strand of DNA in the cell
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "especially" means in a special manner.
senseval2.d001.s087.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "lung" refers to the two saclike respiratory organs in the ch
senseval2.d001.s087.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Dr. Minna believes people who inherit a defective gene somewhere on one
senseval2.d001.s088.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Recently" in the given sentence is "in the recent past."
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "reported" refers to the fact that the retinoblastoma suppressor
senseval2.d001.s088.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the given sentence is "malignant ocular
senseval2.d001.s088.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "suppressor gene" in the given sentence is "a gene that suppresses the
senseval2.d001.s088.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "also" is used to introduce a new topic or idea, which is not directly
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "involved" in the following sentence means "engage as a participant
senseval2.d001.s088.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lung" in the given sentence is "saclike respiratory organ in the
senseval2.d001.s088.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancers" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "comparative of much; to a greater
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "common" in the given sentence is "public."
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancers" in the following sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "discoveries" in the given sentence is (law) compulsory pretri
senseval2.d001.s089.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lead" in the given sentence is "take somebody somewhere" as it suggests that
senseval2.d001.s089.t002	Answer: Scientists can only speculate about the future implications of these discoveries.
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence "Where these discover
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	Answer: To speculate is to believe on uncertain or tentative grounds, without sufficient reason to reach a conclusion.
senseval2.d001.s090.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Already" in the given sentence is "already" as it indicates that the
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "major" in the given sentence is "of greater importance or stature or rank."
senseval2.d001.s090.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pharmaceutical" in the given sentence is "of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s090.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "companies" in the sentence "Already two major pharmaceutical
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unit" in the given sentence is "an individual or group or structure or other entity
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	Answer: Collaborating is a synonym for cooperating as a traitor.
senseval2.d001.s090.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gene" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity."
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hunters" in the given sentence is "a person who searches for something."
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	Response: According to the given text, "turn" in the sentence "Already two major pharmaceutical companies
senseval2.d001.s090.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "anticipated" in the given sentence is "expected hopefully."
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "discoveries" in the given sentence is "predictive tests" or "new
senseval2.d001.s090.t011	The most suitable meaning for "predictive" in the given sentence is "of or relating to prediction; having value for
senseval2.d001.s090.t012	Response: According to the given text, "tests" in the sentence "Already two major pharmaceutical companies
senseval2.d001.s090.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "maybe" in the given sentence is "predictive tests" or "new therap
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	Response: According to the given text, "new" in the sentence "Already two major pharmaceutical companies
senseval2.d001.s090.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "therapies" in the given sentence is "predictive tests" or "new
senseval2.d001.s091.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "researchers" refers to scientists who devote themselves to doing research.
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence is "report or maintain
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "new" in the sentence "Some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow
senseval2.d001.s091.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow or reverse tumor growth may
senseval2.d001.s091.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drugs" in the given sentence is "substance that is used as a medicine
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "slow" in this context refers to the suppressor proteins normally produced by the
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "reverse" in the sentence refers to the suppression of the normal production of suppress
senseval2.d001.s091.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the given sentence is "an abnormal new mass of t
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "growth" in this context refers to the process of an individual organism
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow or reverse tumor growth may
senseval2.d001.s091.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "proteins" refers to any of a large group of nitrogenous organ
senseval2.d001.s091.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "normally" in the following sentence is "under normal
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "produced" in the following sentence is "create or
senseval2.d001.s091.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity."
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "idea" in the given sentence is "content of cognition" as it describes the
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "administer" in the given sentence is "to give or apply (medications)
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the given sentence is "the semantic role of an entity that is
senseval2.d001.s092.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "proteins" in the given sentence is "any of a large group of nitro
senseval2.d001.s092.t004	The sentence "The idea would be to administer to patients the growth-controlling proteins made by healthy versions of
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "healthy" in the given sentence is "free from infirmity or disease."
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	Response: The correct definition for "versions" in the given sentence is "a written communication in a second language having the same
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "being unjustly brought into dis
senseval2.d001.s092.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity." The sentence
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "possible" in the given sentence is "capable of happening or existing in possibility."
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "replace" can be interpreted as "substitute" or "put in the place
senseval2.d001.s093.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defective" in the given sentence is "markedly subnormal in structure or
senseval2.d001.s093.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genes" in the given sentence is "unit of heredity."
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "healthy" refers to having or indicating good health in body or mind,
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "versions" refers to a written work (as a novel) that has been rec
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "come close" in the given sentence is "be close or similar."
senseval2.d001.s094.t000	Answer: In any case, Dr. Minna of the National Cancer Institute states that "We're witnessing the
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "says" is a reporting verb that indicates the speaker's opinion or jud
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "witnessing" refers to being a witness to something, as in "
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is "something that is discovered."
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "most" in the given sentence is "all but."
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	Answer: In any case, Dr. Minna of the National Cancer Institute states that "We're witnessing the
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "steps" refers to the act of changing location by raising the foot and setting it
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "genesis" refers to the first book of the Old Testament, which tells of
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the sentence "In any case,
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	Answer: Based on the given sentence, "Why ca not we teach our children to read, write and
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "children" in the given sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	Response: The sentence "Why can't we teach our children to read, write, and reckon?" refers to the
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	Response: The sentence "Why can't we teach our children to read, write, and reckon?" refers to the
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) judge to be probable2) deem to be
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "It's not that we do not know how to, because we do"
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "want" in the given sentence is "want strongly." The sentence "It
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reason" in the given sentence is "a justification for something existing or happening."
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "want" in the given sentence is "want for a particular reason."
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "effective" in the given sentence is "capable of producing an intended result or
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	Answer: The sentence "And the reason we do not want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "require" in the given sentence is "make someone do something."
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "relinquish" means to give up or turn away from something. Therefore
senseval2.d002.s003.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cherished" in the given sentence is "affectionate or fondly held."
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	Answer: The sentence "And the reason we do not want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "beliefs" in the given sentence is "vague idea in which some confidence
senseval2.d002.s003.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "human" in the given sentence is "relating to a person" as it is
senseval2.d002.s003.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nature" in the given sentence is "the natural physical world including plants and animals
senseval2.d002.s003.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "human" in the given sentence is "relating to a person" as it is
senseval2.d002.s003.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nature" in the given sentence is "the natural physical world including plants and animals
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	Answer: The sentence "And the reason we do not want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
senseval2.d002.s003.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "in particular" in the given sentence is "well as to violate some cherished
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	Answer: The sentence "And the reason we do not want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish
senseval2.d002.s003.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cherished" in the given sentence is "affectionate or fondly held."
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "interests" in the given sentence is "a reason for wanting something done."
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "beliefs" in the given sentence is "a vague idea in which some confidence
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	Response: The sentence "These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment, our media, our politicians, and even
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dominate" in the given sentence is "look down on." The sentence "Th
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "establishment" refers to the act of forming or establishing something,
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "politicians" refers to those who are engaged in civil administration, party politics,
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "even" in the given sentence is "to a greater degree or extent" as it
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "parents" refers to the beliefs that dominate our educational establishment, media
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seems" in this context means "appear to exist or have an out
senseval2.d002.s004.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "almost" in the given sentence is "all but."
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "blasphemous" in the given sentence is "characterized by profan
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "challenge" is "raise a formal objection in
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	Answer: In this sentence, "Here" refers to the location where the speaker or writer is. The most suitable meaning for
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "example" in the given sentence is "an item of information that is typical of a class
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	Answer: The sentence "If I were to ask a sample of American parents, 'Do you wish the elementary schools to encou
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	Answer: The sentence "If I were to ask a sample of American parents, 'Do you wish the elementary schools to encou
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	Answer: The sentence "If I were to ask a sample of American parents, 'Do you wish the elementary schools to encou
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	Answer: The sentence "If I were to ask a sample of American parents, 'Do you wish the elementary schools to encou
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	Answer: The sentence "If I were to ask a sample of American parents, 'Do you wish the elementary schools to encou
senseval2.d002.s006.t005	Answer: The sentence "If I were to ask a sample of American parents, 'Do you wish the elementary schools to encou
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "encourage" in the following sentence is "sp
senseval2.d002.s006.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "creativity" in the given sentence is "the ability to create."
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	Answer: The sentence "If I were to ask a sample of American parents, 'Do you wish the elementary schools to encou
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	Response: The sentence "If I were to ask a sample of American parents, 'Do you wish the elementary schools to encou
senseval2.d002.s006.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "of course" in the given sentence is "as might be expected."
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mean" in the following sentence is "have as a logical consequence" as it indicates
senseval2.d002.s007.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "specifically" means in distinction from others.
senseval2.d002.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "creativity" in the given sentence is "the ability to create."
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "one" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing."
senseval2.d002.s008.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "say" in the given sentence is "report or maintain" as it expresses a
senseval2.d002.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "In practice" in the given sentence is "in practical applications."
senseval2.d002.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ends up" in the given sentence is "becomes or occurs as a result of
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	Answer: In practice, it ends up being equated with a "self-expression" that encourages youngsters to "
senseval2.d002.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "self-expression" in the given sentence is "the expression of one's individual
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "encourages" in the given sentence is "spur on."
senseval2.d002.s009.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "youngsters" in the given sentence is "young people of either sex."
senseval2.d002.s009.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "self-esteem" in the given sentence is "a feeling of pride in yourself
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	Answer: The result in the given sentence is a generation of young people whose ignorance and intellectual incompetence is matched
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	Response: The correct definition for "generation" in the given sentence is "a coming into being."
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	Answer: The definition of "young" in the given sentence is (used of living things especially persons) in an early
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line." The sentence refers
senseval2.d002.s010.t004	Answer: Ignorance is defined as a lack of knowledge or understanding. The sentence "The result is a generation of young
senseval2.d002.s010.t005	Answer: The definition of "intellectual" in the given sentence is "appealing to or using the intellect."
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "incompetence" in the given sentence is "lack of physical or intellectual ability
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "matched" in the given sentence is "be compatible, similar or consistent; coinci
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence "The result is
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	Answer: The definition of "good" in the given sentence is "morally admirable."
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	Response: The correct definition for "opinion" in the given sentence is "a message expressing a belief about something
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "whole" in the given sentence is "including all components without exception; being one
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "notion" in the given sentence is "part and parcel of a romantic
senseval2.d002.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "creativity" in the given sentence is "the ability to create."
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	Answer: The definition of "education" in the given sentence is "the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "romantic" in the given sentence is "expressive of or exciting sexual love
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	Answer: The sentence "The whole notion of 'creativity' in education was (and is) part and parcel of
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "disciplined" in the given sentence is "obeying the rules."
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	Answer: The definition of "instruction" in the given sentence is "a message describing how something is to be done"
senseval2.d002.s011.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "regarded as" in the given sentence is "considered."
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	Answer: The definition of "authoritarian" in the given sentence is "having absolute sovereignty"
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "repression" in the given sentence is "control by holding down."
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "frustration" in the given sentence is "the feeling that accompanies an experience of
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "latent" in the given sentence is "potentially existing but not presently evident or
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "talents" in the given sentence is "innate ability in some field or activity
senseval2.d002.s011.t014	The correct definition for "wonderful" in the given sentence is "extraordinarily good or great."
senseval2.d002.s011.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "as" in the sentence "The whole notion of'creativity'in education was
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	Response: According to the given sentence, "yet" in the sentence "The whole notion of 'creativity' in
senseval2.d002.s011.t017	Answer: The definition of "undefined" in the given sentence is "not precisely limited, determined, or distinguished."
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "potentialities" in the given sentence is "aptitude that may be developed."
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inherent" in the given sentence is "in the nature of something though not
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "souls" in the given sentence is "deep feeling or emotion."
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "children" in the given sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval2.d002.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "surprising" in the given sentence is "causing surprise or wonder or amaz
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parents" in the given sentence is "a relative who plays the role of guard
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	Answer: Definition 1: It is not surprising that parents find this romantic extravagance so attractive because it
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "romantic" in the given sentence is "expressive of or exciting sexual love
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "so" in the sentence "It is not surprising that parents find this romantic
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attractive" in the given sentence is "having the properties of a magnet
senseval2.d002.s013.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Fortunately" refers to the fact that these same parents do want their
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature."
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "parents" is "a relative who plays the role
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	Answer: The sentence "Fortunately, these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "children" is "a young person of either sex"
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "get" in the sentence "Fortunately,
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	Answer: According with custom or propriety, the sentence "Fortunately, these same parents do want their children to
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	Answer: The sentence "Fortunately, these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally
senseval2.d002.s013.t008	Answer: The correct meaning for "as" in the sentence "Fortunately, these same parents do want their children
senseval2.d002.s013.t009	According to tradition, these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally understood, and they have
senseval2.d002.s013.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "understood" is "to perceive (an idea
senseval2.d002.s013.t011	The correct definition for "enough" in the given sentence is "as much as necessary; (`plenty' is non
senseval2.d002.s013.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "common sense" in the given sentence is "sound practical judgment."
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "know" is "be cognizant or aware of
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "demands" is "request urgently and force
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "commitment" in the given sentence is "the act of binding yourself (intellect
senseval2.d002.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "creativity" in the given sentence is "the ability to create."
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "survive" in this context means to continue to exist after experiencing hard
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	Answer: The sentence "Their commitment to 'creativity' cannot survive adolescent illiteracy" suggests
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "illiteracy" in the given sentence is "an inability to read."
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "American" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the continents and
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "education" in the given sentence is "the profession of teaching (especially
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "future" in the given sentence is "a verb tense that expresses actions
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "determined" in the given sentence is "establish after a calculation,
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "degree" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continu
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "allow" in the given sentence is "let have" as it means "give
senseval2.d002.s015.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "common sense" in the given sentence is "sound practical judgment."
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "prevail" means to have a strong or significant influence or impact. Therefore,
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "illusions" in the given sentence is "an erroneous mental representation" (
senseval2.d002.s015.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition."
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "share" in the given sentence is "give out as one's portion or
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	Answer: The education establishment will fight against common sense every inch of the way.
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "establishment" in the given sentence is "the act of forming or establish
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fight" in the given sentence is "make a strenuous or labored
senseval2.d002.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "common sense" in the given sentence is "sound practical judgment."
senseval2.d002.s016.t004	The correct definition for "every inch" in the given sentence is "completely." The education establishment will fight against
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is "a rational motive for a belief or action
senseval2.d002.s017.t001	The correct definition for "complex" in the given sentence is "complicated in structure; consisting of interconnected parts."
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "simple" in the given sentence is "lacking mental capacity and subtlety."
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reason" in the given sentence is "a rational motive for a belief or action
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Progressive education" refers to a type of education that promotes progress and reform
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "education" in the given sentence is "the activities of educating or instructing
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "once" in the given sentence is "at a previous time."
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	Answer: Definition 1: Assign a specified (usually proper) proper name toIn the given sentence,
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "far" in the given sentence is "at or to or from a great distance in space
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "comparative of much; to a greater
senseval2.d002.s018.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "interesting" in the given sentence is "agreeable to teachers" as
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Progressive education" is a more interesting and agreeable option for teachers than discipl
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is "a personified abstraction that teaches
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "disciplined instruction" refers to a type of education that is structured and
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "instruction" in the given sentence is "the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nice" in the given sentence is "socially or conventionally correct."
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the given sentence is "a personified abstraction that teach
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	Answer: Definition 11:To bring into a given condition by mental preoccupation.
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "personality" in the given sentence is "a person of considerable prominence."
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "development" in this context refers to the process of improving or enlarging
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "even" in the given sentence is "to the full extent" as it indicates that
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nicer" in the given sentence is "socially or conventionally correct."
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	Answer: The sentence "It is nice for teachers to think they are engaged in 'personality development' and even nicer
senseval2.d002.s019.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "irksome" in the given sentence is "so lacking in interest as to cause
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tests" in the given sentence is "a set of questions or exercises evalu
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "frequently or in great quantities."
senseval2.d002.s019.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "disappointing" in the given sentence is "not up to expectations."
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "results" in the following sentence is "solution" as it solves the problem of
senseval2.d002.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition."
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "provides" in the given sentence is "provide means of subsistence; ear
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the given sentence is "a personified abstraction that teach
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "profession" in the given sentence is "an occupation requiring special education (especially in
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "passed" refers to a course in educational psychology and educational philosophy. Therefore
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "courses" in the given sentence is "a mode of action."
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s020.t007	The correct definition for "psychology" in the given sentence is "the science of mental life."
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "philosophy" in the given sentence is "a rational investigation of questions about
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	Response: The sentence "I myself took such courses in college, thinking I might end up a schoolteacher" means that
senseval2.d002.s021.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "such" in the given sentence is "of so extreme a degree or extent."
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "courses" in the given sentence is "a mode of action."
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "college" in the given sentence is "an institution of higher education created to educ
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "thinking" in the sentence means "using one's mind to ponder
senseval2.d002.s021.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "end up" in the given sentence is "finally become or do something."
senseval2.d002.s021.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "schoolteacher" refers to a teacher who teaches in a school below the
senseval2.d002.s022.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "all" in the given sentence is "to a complete degree or to the full or
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "fairly" in the given sentence is "in conformity with the rules or laws
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "described" in the given sentence is "to give an account or representation of in words
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pap" in the given sentence is "a diet that does not require che
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "courses" in the given sentence is "a mode of action."
senseval2.d002.s023.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "unfair" in the given sentence is "not fair; marked by injustice
senseval2.d002.s023.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "dump" in this context means to throw away or sell at artificially low prices
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is a personified abstraction that teaches.
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	Answer: (1) distinct fromThe sentence "But it is unfair to dump on teachers, as distinct from
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "establishment" in the given sentence is "the act of forming or establish
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "know" in the sentence "I know many schoolteachers and, on
senseval2.d002.s024.t001	Answer: The sentence "I know many schoolteachers and, on the whole, they are seriously committed to conscient
senseval2.d002.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "schoolteachers" in the given sentence is "a teacher in a school below
senseval2.d002.s024.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "on the whole" in the given sentence is "with everything considered and neglecting details
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "seriously" in the given sentence is "to a severe or serious degree."
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "committed" means "seriously engaged in conscientious teaching." The sentence
senseval2.d002.s024.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conscientious" in the given sentence is "guided by or in accordance
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "teaching" in the given sentence is "the profession of a teacher."
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "best" in the given sentence is "morally admirable."
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "brightest" in the given sentence is "made smooth and bright by rubbing
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "generation" refers to the group of genetically related organisms constitut
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "very" in the given sentence is "really" as it is used as an
senseval2.d002.s025.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "few" in the given sentence is "a small but indefinite number."
senseval2.d002.s025.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "such" in the given sentence is "of so extreme a degree or extent."
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line." The sentence refers
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "jobs" refers to the principal activity in one's life that requires work
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "well" is used as a combining form in the phrase "but they need not
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "remember" refers to the ability to recall knowledge from memory, which is a
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "truly" in the given sentence is "by right" or "in accordance with
senseval2.d002.s027.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inspiring" in the given sentence is "stimulating or exalting
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is a personified abstraction that teaches.
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	Answer: The sentence "But our education proceeded at the hands of those others, who were merely competent and conscientious
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "proceeded" means to follow a certain course or take a course. Therefore
senseval2.d002.s028.t002	The correct definition for "merely" in the given sentence is "simply or without more." The sentence "But our
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "competent" means "adequate for the purpose" or "leg
senseval2.d002.s028.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conscientious" in the given sentence is "guided by or in accordance
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	Answer: In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one "s family doctor" because a teacher can provide a general
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	Answer: In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one's family doctor.
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	Answer: In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one "s family doctor" because they are both professionals who
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "one" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing."
senseval2.d002.s029.t004	Answer: In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one's family doctor, as they can provide medical care and
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "brilliant" in the given sentence is "marked by unusual and impressive intelligence
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "probably" in the given sentence is "easily believed on the basis of
senseval2.d002.s030.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "family doctor" in the given sentence is "a general practitioner who treats
senseval2.d002.s030.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "in the first place" in the given sentence is "of primary importance."
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "competent" in the given sentence is "adequately qualified or sufficient."
senseval2.d002.s031.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conscientious" in the given sentence is "guided by or in accordance
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "serves" refers to the ability to perform a specific function or duty, such
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	Response: The sentence "If he is competent and conscientious, he serves us well" uses the meaning "well
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the given sentence is "a personified abstraction that teach
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "important" in the given sentence is "of extreme importance; vital to the resolution of
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "factor" in the given sentence is "one of two integers that can be exactly divided
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "crisis" in the given sentence is "crucial stage or turning point
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "problem" in the given sentence is "a source of difficulty." The sentence "Wh
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "equity" in the given sentence is "conformity with rules or standards."
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "problem" in the given sentence is "a source of difficulty." The sentence "Wh
senseval2.d002.s034.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "silly" in the given sentence is "dazed from repeated blows."
senseval2.d002.s034.t001	Answer: The sentence "It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the given sentence is "a personified abstraction that teach
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "think" in the given sentence is "judge or regard; look upon;
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educate" in the given sentence is "refine to be discriminative
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "children" in the given sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "better" in the given sentence is "more highly skilled than another" (
senseval2.d002.s034.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence "It is silly
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	Response: According to the given text, "got" in the sentence "It is silly libel on our teachers to think
senseval2.d002.s034.t009	Answer: The sentence "It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "year" refers to a period of time that contains 365 (or
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "comparative of much; to a greater
senseval2.d002.s035.t000	The correct definition for "kind" in the given sentence is "a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality."
senseval2.d002.s035.t001	Answer: The sentence "It is the kind of libel the teachers'unions do not mind spreading, for their
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is "a personified abstraction that teaches
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	Response: The sentence "It is the kind of libel the teachers'unions do not mind spreading, for their
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "mind" in the following sentence refers to the kind of libel that teachers'
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "spreading" refers to the kind of libel the teachers' unions do
senseval2.d002.s035.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "own" in the given sentence is "belonging to or on behalf of
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	Answer: The sentence "It is the kind of libel the teachers'unions do not mind spreading, for their
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is "what something is used for."
senseval2.d002.s036.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition."
senseval2.d002.s036.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kind" in the given sentence is "a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
senseval2.d002.s036.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "libel" in the given sentence is "a false and malicious publication printed for
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "politicians" in the given sentence is "a person active in party politics."
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	Answer: Definition 1: It is also the kind of libel politicians find useful, since it helps them strike a
senseval2.d002.s036.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "useful" in the given sentence is "having a useful function."
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "helps" in the given sentence is "abstain from doing; always used
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	Answer: The definition of "strike" in the given sentence is "to deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "friendly" in the given sentence is "easy to understand or use."
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	Answer: The definition of "posture" in the given sentence is "the kind of libel politicians find useful,
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "behalf" in the given sentence is "in behalf" rather than "on
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	Answer: The sentence "It is also the kind of libel politicians find useful, since it helps them strike a friendly
senseval2.d002.s036.t012	The correct definition for "constituency" in the given sentence is "the body of voters who elect a representative for
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "shred" in the given sentence is "a tiny or scarcely detectable amount."
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the given sentence is "indication that makes something evident."
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, "other" in the sentence refers to "not one shred of evidence" that
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	Response: The correct definition for "things" in the given sentence is "an entity that is not named specifically."
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "equal" in the given sentence is "having the requisite qualities or
senseval2.d002.s037.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "salary" in the given sentence is "something that remunerates."
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	Response: Based on the given sentence, "differentials" refers to the result of mathematical differentiation, which is the
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "result" refers to the outcome or effect of an action or event. In this
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	Response: Based on the given sentence, "differentials" refers to the result of mathematical differentiation, which is the
senseval2.d002.s038.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "such" in the given sentence is "of so extreme a degree or extent."
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the given sentence is "indication that makes something evident."
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	Answer: The sentence "If there were such evidence, you can be sure you would have heard of it" means that there
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wish" in the given sentence is "order politely; express a wish for
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	Answer: The sentence "If we wish to be serious about American education, we know exactly what to do -- and, just
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "American" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic of the
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "education" in the given sentence is "the profession of teaching (especially
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "know" in the given sentence is "know exactly what to do" as it implies
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "exactly" means "exactly as it should be" or "in a
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "just" in the sentence "If we wish to be serious about American education,
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "important" in the given sentence is "of extreme importance; vital to the resolution of
senseval2.d002.s040.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "many" in the given sentence is "a large but indefinite number." The
senseval2.d002.s040.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "successful" in the given sentence is "marked by a favorable outcome."
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "schools" in the given sentence is "a body of creative artists or writers
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	Answer: The sentence "There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation, some of them in the poorest of ghett
senseval2.d002.s040.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "nation" refers to a politically organized body of people under a single government
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "poorest" in the given sentence is "unsatisfactory." The phrase "
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature."
senseval2.d002.s041.t000	The correct definition for "Conversely" in the given sentence is "with the terms of the relation reversed."
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "majority" in the given sentence is "the main part."
senseval2.d002.s041.t002	Answer: The sentence "Conversely, there are the majority of unsuccessful schools, and we know which efforts at
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "schools" in the given sentence is "an educational institution's faculty and students
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "Conversely, there are the majority of unsuccessful schools, and we
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "efforts" in the given sentence is "a notable achievement."
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	Answer: The sentence "Conversely, there are the majority of unsuccessful schools, and we know which efforts at
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "doomed" refers to the unsuccessful schools and the efforts at educational reform
senseval2.d002.s041.t009	The correct definition for "beforehand" in the given sentence is "in anticipation."
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "really" in the given sentence is "in actual fact" (used as intens
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	Response: The sentence "We really do know all we need to know, if only we could assimilate this knowledge into
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "need" in the given sentence is "have need of."
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	Response: The sentence "We really do know all we need to know, if only we could assimilate this knowledge into
senseval2.d002.s042.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence "We really do
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "assimilate" in the given sentence is "make similar in sound."
senseval2.d002.s042.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "knowledge" in the given sentence is "psychological result of perception and
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	Response: In this respect, it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute rather than eloquently "con
senseval2.d002.s043.t001	Answer: In this respect, it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute rather than eloquently "con
senseval2.d002.s043.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "political" in the given sentence is "of or relating to your views about
senseval2.d002.s043.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "leaders" in the given sentence is "a featured article of merchandise
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mute" in the given sentence is "unable to speak because of heredit
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	Response: In this respect, it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute rather than eloquently concerned.
senseval2.d002.s043.t006	Answer: In this respect, it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute rather than eloquently "con
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "concerned" in the given sentence is "on the mind of."
senseval2.d002.s044.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inevitably" in the given sentence is "by necessity." The sentence implies
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inclined" in the given sentence is "at an angle to the horizontal or
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "echo" in the given sentence is "to call to mind." The sentence refers to
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "conventional" means "in accordance with or being a tradition or practice
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pap" in the given sentence is "a diet that does not require che
senseval2.d002.s044.t005	The most suitable meaning for "least" in the given sentence is "the least controversial option that is open to them
senseval2.d002.s044.t006	The correct definition for "controversial" in the given sentence is "marked by or capable of arousing
senseval2.d002.s044.t007	Answer: The sentence "They are inevitably inclined to echo the conventional pap, since this is the least controvers
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	Answer: (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result, thus.
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "recent" refers to the recent governors' conference on education, which was
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "governors" refers to the head of a state government.
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "conference" refers to a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	Answer: The definition of "education" in the given sentence is "knowledge acquired by learning and instruction."
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "announced" refers to making publicly or officially announcing something. Thus,
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "country" refers to the territory occupied by a nation or country.
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "needs" refers to a need or a feeling of need. Therefore, the
senseval2.d002.s045.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "comprehensive" means "including all or everything" or "broad
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "policy" in this context refers to a plan of action adopted by an individual or
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "children" refers to young people of either sex.
senseval2.d002.s046.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "comprehensive" means "covering or including all or everything." Therefore
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	Answer: Definition 5: A district that has been developed to serve some purpose.
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "policy" in the given sentence is "written contract or certificate of insurance."
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "governors" in the given sentence is "a control that maintains a steady
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seem" in this context means "appear to be true, probable,
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "comparative of much; to a greater
senseval2.d002.s046.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pressing" in the given sentence is "compelling immediate action."
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "need" in the given sentence is "a condition requiring relief."
senseval2.d002.s047.t000	Answer: Advocating is a verb that means to speak, plead, or argue in favor of something. In the
senseval2.d002.s047.t001	Answer: In effect, Gov. Clinton is advocating extending the educational system down to the pre-kinderg
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	Answer: Definition 1: To extend in scope or range or area, to make available, or to provide.
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	Answer: The definition of "system" in the given sentence is "a group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "desirable" in the given sentence is "worth having or seeking or achieving."
senseval2.d002.s048.t001	Answer: The sentence "Whether desirable or not, this is a child-care program, not an educational program"
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "program" refers to a series of steps or goals that are intended to meet a
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "educational" refers to the process of education, which is the provision of
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "program" refers to a series of steps or goals that are intended to meet a
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "know" refers to the ability to recognize and distinguish between different pieces of information or
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "very" in the given sentence is "really" or "exactly so."
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	Answer: The sentence "We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade, but after
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	Response: The sentence "We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade, but after
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "schooling" in the given sentence is "the process of being formally educated at a school
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "improves" in the given sentence is "get better."
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "performance" refers to the act of presenting a play or a piece of
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	Answer: The sentence "We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade, but after
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "grade" refers to the relative position or degree of value in a graded group
senseval2.d002.s049.t009	The correct definition for "afterward" in the given sentence is "happening at a time subsequent to a reference time
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "difference" in the given sentence is "a significant change."
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	Answer: Definition 2: quickly washed awayThe sentence "We know that very early exposure to schooling
senseval2.d002.s049.t012	Response: According to the given sentence, "washed" refers to the process of removing dirt or gravel from pre
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	Response: The sentence "We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade, but after
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	Answer: The sentence "Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	Answer: The sentence "Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	Answer: The sentence "Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	Answer: The sentence "Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	Answer: The sentence "Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "work" in this context refers to the activity of performing mental or physical work for
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "work" in this context refers to the activity of performing mental or physical work for
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Parental involvement" is not a suitable meaning for "Parental" in
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is "a connection of inclusion or containment."
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	Answer: The sentence "Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "idea" in the given sentence is "content of cognition; main thing you are thinking
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Parents" in the given sentence is "a relative who plays the role of guard
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "too" in the given sentence is "in addition." The sentence "Parents
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational limitations of their children
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational limitations of their children
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "schools" in the given sentence is "a building where young people receive education."
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "limitations" in the given sentence is (law) a time period after which suits
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "children" in the given sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Parents" in the given sentence is "a relative who plays the role of guard
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "involved" in the given sentence is "entangled or hindered
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "children" in the given sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "education" in the given sentence is "knowledge acquired by learning and instruction."
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "home" in the given sentence is "housing that someone is living in."
senseval2.d002.s052.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "school" in the given sentence is "an educational institution."
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	Answer: The sentence "They should see to it that their kids do not play truant ; they should make certain
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kids" in the given sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "play" in the following sentence is "make certain that
senseval2.d002.s053.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "truant" in the given sentence is "absent without permission."
senseval2.d002.s053.t004	Response: The sentence "They should make certain that their kids do not play truant" suggests that the speaker is
senseval2.d002.s053.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "certain" in the given sentence is "exercising or taking care great enough
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "children" refers to young people of either sex. Therefore, the most suitable meaning
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "spend" refers to paying out money or resources. Therefore, the most
senseval2.d002.s053.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "enough" in the given sentence is "sufficient for the purpose."
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "time" refers to an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes
senseval2.d002.s053.t010	Answer: The sentence "They should see to it that their kids do not play truant" suggests that the speaker
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	Answer: To scrutinize means to examine carefully for accuracy with the intent of verification.
senseval2.d002.s053.t012	Answer: The sentence "They should see to it that their kids do not play truant" suggests that the speaker
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parents" in the given sentence is "a relative who plays the role of guard
senseval2.d002.s054.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "school" is option of switching to another.
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "option" in the given sentence is "the right to buy or sell property at an agreed
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "switching" refers to the option for parents to switch to another school if they
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Community involvement" in the given sentence is (ecology) a group of inter
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is "a connection of inclusion or containment."
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "even" in the given sentence is "to a greater degree or extent; used with compar
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	Answer: The sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea" uses the word "worse" to describe the
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "idea" in the given sentence is "main thing you are thinking about."
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	Answer: In this circumstance or respect or on this point or detail, the speaker or writer is referring to the experience of
senseval2.d002.s056.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experience" in the given sentence is "the content of direct observation or participation
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Locally" in the given sentence is "to a restricted area of the body."
senseval2.d002.s057.t001	The sentence "Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambitious,
senseval2.d002.s057.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "school boards" in the given sentence is "a board in charge of local public
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Locally elected school boards" is the most suitable meaning for "especially
senseval2.d002.s057.t004	Answer: The sentence "Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambit
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	Answer: The sentence "Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambit
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	Answer: The sentence "Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambit
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ambitious" in the given sentence is "requiring full use of your
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "generally" in the given sentence is "without regard to specific details or exceptions."
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	Answer: The sentence "Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambit
senseval2.d002.s057.t010	The sentence "Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambitious,
senseval2.d002.s057.t011	The most suitable meaning for "demagogic" in the given sentence is "characteristic of or resembling a dem
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	Answer: The sentence "Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambit
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "politicians" in the given sentence is "a person active in party politics."
senseval2.d002.s057.t014	The sentence "Locally elected school boards, especially in our larger cities, become the prey of ambitious,
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "politicians" in the given sentence is "a person active in party politics."
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	Response: According to the given text, "process" in the sentence "New York is in the process of trying to dis
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	Answer: According to the given text, "trying" in the sentence "New York is in the process of trying to
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	Response: According to the given text, "system" in the sentence "New York is in the process of trying to dis
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "school" in the given sentence is "a process of being formally educated at a school
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "governance" in the given sentence is "the act of governing; exer
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	Answer: Even in the context of the sentence "New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "other" in the sentence "New York is in the process of trying to dis
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	Answer: According to the given text, "institute" in the sentence "New York is in the process of trying to
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "most" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning the greatest in amount or extent
senseval2.d002.s059.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "increasing" in this context means "increasing in size or amount
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "expenditures" in the given sentence is "the act of consuming something
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	Answer: The sentence "In most states, increasing expenditures on education, in our current circumstances, will probably make
senseval2.d002.s059.t004	Answer: In most states, increasing expenditures on education, in our current circumstances, will probably make things worse,
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "circumstances" in the given sentence is "information that should be kept in
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "probably" means "with considerable certainty" or "without much doubt."
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	Response: Based on the given text, the most suitable meaning for "make" in the sentence "In most states, increasing
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	Answer: In most states, increasing expenditures on education, in our current circumstances, will probably make things worse,
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "worse" in the given sentence is "not financially safe or secure."
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "better" in the given sentence is "more highly skilled than another" (
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	Response: The correct definition for "reason" in the given sentence is "a rational motive for a belief or action."
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "simple" in the given sentence is "lacking mental capacity and subtlety."
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "Education" in the given sentence is "the gradual process of acquiring knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s060.t003	The correct definition for "takes place" in the given sentence is "comes to pass." The sentence "The reason is
senseval2.d002.s060.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "classroom" in the given sentence is "a room in a school where lessons take
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "influence" in the given sentence is "a power to affect persons or events,
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "money" in the given sentence is "the official currency issued by a government or
senseval2.d002.s060.t007	The correct definition for "minimal" in the given sentence is "the least possible." The sentence states that "Education
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Decades" in the given sentence is "a period of 10 years."
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s061.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "research" in the given sentence is "systematic investigation to establish facts."
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	Answer: According to educational research, even smaller classes have no effect on the academic performance of the pupils. This means that
senseval2.d002.s061.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unequivocally" in the given sentence is "in an unambiguous
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "even" in the given sentence is "desirable for other reasons." The sentence "
senseval2.d002.s061.t006	Answer: The sentence "Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "classes" in the given sentence is "a collection of things sharing a common attribute."
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "effect" in the sentence refers to the phenomenon that follows and is caused by
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	Answer: The sentence "Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "performance" in the given sentence is "the act of presenting a play or a
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pupils" in the given sentence is "young person attending school (
senseval2.d002.s061.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sometimes" in the given sentence is "desirable for other reasons." The sentence
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "desirable" in the given sentence is "worth having or seeking or achieving."
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "desirable for other reasons."
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	Response: According to the given sentence, "reasons" in the sentence refers to the rational motives for a belief or
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	Answer: The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself piling more and more
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	Answer: The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself piling more and more
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	Answer: The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself piling more and more
senseval2.d002.s062.t003	The correct definition for "already" in the given sentence is "already" (plural). The sentence means that
senseval2.d002.s062.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "top-heavy" in the given sentence is "overloaded at the top."
senseval2.d002.s062.t005	Answer: The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself piling more and more
senseval2.d002.s062.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "structure" refers to the administrative structure of a society, which busies itself p
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	Answer: The sentence "The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself piling
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is (comparative of `many' used with
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is (comparative of `many' used with
senseval2.d002.s062.t010	Answer: The sentence "The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure, which busies itself piling
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is "a personified abstraction that teaches
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	Answer: The sentence "There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in
senseval2.d002.s063.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "paradox" in the given sentence is "contradictory or uncon
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fact" in the given sentence is "a piece of information about circumstances that exist or
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "expenditures" in the given sentence is "the act of spending money for
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "real" in the given sentence is "no less than what is stated; worthy of
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "increased" refers to the increase in educational expenditures in real
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	Answer: The sentence "There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the given sentence is "earlier than the present time."
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "now" in the given sentence is "at the present moment."
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "spend" refers to the amount of money spent on education, not the time
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "comparative of much; to a greater
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pupil" in the given sentence is "young person attending school (
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	Answer: The correct definition for "country" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under a single
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	Answer: The correct definition for "performance" in the given sentence is "process or manner of functioning or operating."
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	Answer: The correct definition for "declined" in the given sentence is "show unwillingness towards."
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	Response: The sentence "That is the way the system works" refers to the general category of things that are used in the
senseval2.d002.s064.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "works" in the given sentence is "operate in or through."
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Students" refers to learners who are enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "academic" refers to the educational process and the pursuit of knowledge and
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "potential" in the given sentence is "difference in electrical charge between two
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Allows" refers to the action of granting permission or consent to something happening
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "student" refers to a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution.
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "permitted" in the given sentence is "allow the presence of or allow (an
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "graduated" refers to the level of proficiency in the 3
senseval2.d002.s066.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "elementary school" in the given sentence is "a school for young children" as
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mastered" in the given sentence is "be on top of" as it implies
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prevailed" in the given sentence is "continue to exist" as it means
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "years" refers to a period of time that contains 365 (
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	Answer: The sentence "This means `` tracking, `` whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to fl
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "main" in the sentence "This means 'tracking,' whose main purpose is less
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "purpose" in the given sentence is "firmness of purpose." The sentence
senseval2.d002.s067.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "less" in the given sentence is "less to permit the gifted youngsters to
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	Answer: The sentence "This means `` tracking, `` whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to fl
senseval2.d002.s067.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gifted" in the given sentence is "endowed with talent or talents
senseval2.d002.s067.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "youngsters" in the given sentence is "young people of either sex."
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flourish" in the given sentence is "make steady progress."
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "clearly" in the given sentence is "clearly desirable." This means that
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "desirable" in the given sentence is "worth having or seeking or achieving."
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "less" in the given sentence is "comparative of little." The sentence "
senseval2.d002.s067.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gifted" in the given sentence is "endowed with talent or talents
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	Answer: The sentence "This means "tracking," whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to fl
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "necessary" in the given sentence is "unavoidably determined by prior circumstances
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	Answer: The sentence "This means "tracking," whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to fl
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	Answer: According to the given sentence, "entering" refers to the process of becoming a participant or member in a
senseval2.d002.s067.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "modern" in the given sentence is "current stage in its development."
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "world" in the given sentence is "people in general considered as a whole."
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	Answer: The sentence "This means "tracking," whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to fl
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "notion" in the given sentence is "a vague idea in which some confidence is
senseval2.d002.s068.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "somehow" in the given sentence is "for some unspecified reason." The
senseval2.d002.s068.t002	Answer: According to democratic doctrine or practice or ideals, tracking is not undemocratic.
senseval2.d002.s068.t003	Answer: The definition of "absurd" in the given sentence is inconsistent with reason or logic or common sense.
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	Answer: The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential. This means that the
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	Answer: The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential.
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "encourage" in the given sentence is "spur on."
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	Answer: The sentence "The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential" suggests
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "men" in the following sentence is "a male subordinate."
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the sentence "The purpose of education is to encourage young men
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "realize" in the given sentence is "convert into cash" as it means
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "full" in the given sentence is "constituting the full quantity or extent;
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	Answer: The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential. This means that education
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "potential" in the given sentence is "the difference in electrical charge between two
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	Answer: The correct meaning for "actually" in the given sentence is "used to imply that one would expect the fact
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "believes" refers to the belief that everyone has an equal academic potential. The
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "equal" in the given sentence is "having the requisite qualities or
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "academic" refers to the field of study and the pursuit of knowledge
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "potential" in the given sentence is "difference in electrical charge between two
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "generally" in the given sentence is "without regard to specific details or exceptions."
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "desirable" in the given sentence is "worth having or seeking or achieving."
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "use" in the following sentence refers to the habitual or regular use of older
senseval2.d002.s071.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "textbooks" in the given sentence is "a book prepared for use in schools or
senseval2.d002.s071.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "many" in the given sentence is "a large but indefinite number." The
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rather" in the given sentence is "to some extent" (not used with
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "newer" in the given sentence is "not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ones" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing." The word "
senseval2.d002.s072.t000	Answer: The second of two things or persons mentioned (or the last one or ones of several) is referred to as the
senseval2.d002.s072.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "modish" in the given sentence is "in the current fashion or style."
senseval2.d002.s072.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trendy" in the given sentence is "in accord with the latest fad
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "often" in the given sentence is "in many cases or instances."
senseval2.d002.s072.t004	The correct definition for "downright" in the given sentence is "trendy, often downright silly, and at
senseval2.d002.s072.t005	Answer: The sentence "The latter are modish, trendy, often downright silly, and at best insubst
senseval2.d002.s072.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for 'best' in the given sentence is "morally admirable."
senseval2.d002.s072.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "insubstantial" in the given sentence is "lacking in nutrit
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	Answer: According to Karen Horney's definition, "dubious" in the given sentence means "not convinced
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "psychological" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or determined
senseval2.d002.s073.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sociological" in the given sentence is "based on or determined by sociological theories
senseval2.d002.s073.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "theories" in the following sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rather" in the given sentence is "to some extent" or "more readily
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "educational" in the given sentence is "providing knowledge."
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experience" in the given sentence is "the content of direct observation or participation
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is "a rational motive for a belief or action
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "American" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the United States of
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "students" in the given sentence is "learned person" as "students
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "so" in the given sentence is "in the same way indicated" (i.
senseval2.d002.s074.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "poorly" in the given sentence is "not well" as it is a
senseval2.d002.s074.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "math" in the given sentence is "science dealing with the logic of quantity and
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	Answer: The sentence "One of the reasons American students do so poorly in math tests, as compared with British, French
senseval2.d002.s074.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "British" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic
senseval2.d002.s074.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "French" in the given sentence is "of or pertaining to France or
senseval2.d002.s074.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "German" in the given sentence is "of or pertaining to or characteristic
senseval2.d002.s074.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Japanese" in the given sentence is "characteristic of Japan or its people
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "students" in the given sentence is "learned person" as "students
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "influence" in the given sentence is "a cognitive factor that tends to
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "American" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the United States of
senseval2.d002.s074.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "textbooks" in the given sentence is "books prepared for use in schools or colleg
senseval2.d002.s074.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "teaching" in the given sentence is "the profession of a teacher."
senseval2.d002.s074.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "methods" in the given sentence is "acting technique" as it implies an acting
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "wants" in the given sentence is "hunt or look for; want for a
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "appreciate" in the given sentence is "hold dear."
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "just" in the given sentence is "only a very short time before; - W
senseval2.d002.s075.t003	The correct definition for "bizarre" in the given sentence is "unusual or unconventional in a
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "situation" in the given sentence is "the combination of circumstances at a given time
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "students" in the given sentence is "learned person" as "students
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "add" in the given sentence is "make an addition (to)".
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "subtract" in the given sentence is "take off or away."
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "learning" in the sentence "Anyone who wants to
senseval2.d002.s075.t009	The correct definition for "conceptual" in the given sentence is "being or characterized by concepts or their formation
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "basis" in the given sentence is "the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "mathematical" in the given sentence is "relating to or having ability to think
senseval2.d002.s075.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world" as
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "read" in the sentence "Anyone who wants to
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	Answer: The article by Caleb Nelson in the November American Spectator is a nonfictional prose forming an
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recent" in the given sentence is "of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval2.d002.s075.t016	The correct definition for "math" in the given sentence is "a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	Answer: The corresponding definition for "major" in the given sentence is "a commissioned military officer in the United States Army
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Most" in the given sentence is "all but." The sentence "Most
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "important" in the given sentence is "of great significance or value."
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "schools" in the given sentence is "a large group of fish."
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "principals" in the given sentence is "capital as contrasted with
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "large" in the sentence means having a large measure of authority over the faculty
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "measure" in the given sentence is "a reference in making measurements."
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "authority" in the given sentence is "an official written work."
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "faculty" in the given sentence is "the body of teachers and administrators at
senseval2.d002.s076.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "curriculum" in the given sentence is "a set of guidelines or
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "matters" in the given sentence is "that which has mass and occupies space
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "student" in the given sentence is "a learned person (especially in the human
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Study" in the given sentence is "a detailed critical inspection" as
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "study" in the following sentence is "a detailed
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "most" in the given sentence is "all but."
senseval2.d002.s077.t003	Answer: The most recent study from the Brookings Institution tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside inter
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tells" in the given sentence is "give evidence" as it is the
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "best" in the given sentence is "morally admirable."
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "schools" in the given sentence is "an educational institution's faculty and
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "outside" in the given sentence is "originating or belonging beyond some bounds"
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "interference" in the given sentence is "electrical or acoustic activity that
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "governed" in the following sentence means "directed or strongly influenced by
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "powerful" in the given sentence is "having great influence."
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable meaning for "head" in the given sentence is "the upper part of the human body or the front part
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "authority" in the given sentence is "an official written work."
senseval2.d002.s078.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "of course" in the given sentence is "as might be expected." The sentence "
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "goes" in the given sentence is "goes together." The sentence "With
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unambiguous" in the given sentence is "admitting of no doubt or
senseval2.d002.s078.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "accountability" in the given sentence is "unambiguous responsibility." The sentence states
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Schools" in the given sentence is "an educational institution's faculty and students
senseval2.d002.s079.t001	Answer: The definition of "structured" in the given sentence is "resembling a living organism in organization or
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "produce" refers to the process of creating or manufacturing a man-made
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "students" in the given sentence is "learned person" as "students
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "higher" in the given sentence is "of education beyond the secondary level."
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "morale" in the given sentence is "the spirit of a group that makes the
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	Answer: The sentence "Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and superior academic performance"
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "performance" in the given sentence is "the act of presenting a play or a
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	Answer: The sentence "This is a fact -- though, in view of all the feathers that are ruffled by
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "ruffled" in the given sentence is "to disturb the smoothness of."
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	Answer: The sentence "This is a fact -- though, in view of all the feathers that are ruffled by
senseval2.d002.s080.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "surprising" means "causing surprise or wonder or amazement." Therefore
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "one" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing." The sentence refers
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "so" in the given sentence is "in the way indicated" (i.e
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "publishes" in the given sentence is "have (one's written work)
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "That's what the man had said" refers to the generic use of the
senseval3.d000.s000.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "said" is a verb meaning "to state or communicate nonverbally."
senseval3.d000.s001.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "peered" in the given sentence is "look searchingly."
senseval3.d000.s001.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "companion" in the given sentence is "one paid to accompany or assist
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bleary" in the given sentence is "indistinct or hazy in outline
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "had" in the sentence "He had no ready answer, as much from surprise
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	Answer: The sentence "He had no ready answer, as much from surprise as from the fit of coughing" means
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	Response: The sentence "He had no ready answer, as much from surprise as from the fit of coughing" refers
senseval3.d000.s002.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "much" in the given sentence is "great in quantity or degree or extent
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "surprise" in the given sentence is "the act of surprising someone."
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "fit" in the given sentence is "a sudden flurry of activity (often
senseval3.d000.s002.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "coughing" in the given sentence is "a sudden noisy expulsion of
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence "Was the man drunk or crazy or
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drunk" in the given sentence is "as if under the influence of alcohol
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "crazy" in the given sentence is "bizarre or fantastic."
senseval3.d000.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "new-found" in the given sentence is "newly discovered."
senseval3.d000.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "buddy" in the given sentence is "a close friend who accompanies his bud
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	Answer: The sentence "But his new-found buddy had matched him drink for drink until he lost count, and the
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "drink" in the given sentence is "the act of drinking alcoholic be
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "drink" in the given sentence is "the act of drinking alcoholic be
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "lost" refers to the man's new-found buddy having matched him
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "count" in the given sentence is "the act of counting; reciting numbers in asc
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	Response: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "male subordinate." The sentence refers to a
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some larger
senseval3.d000.s004.t009	Answer: The definition of "clear" in the given sentence is "free from clouds or mist or haze."
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence is "an effigy of Guy Faw
senseval3.d000.s005.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "rocker" in the given sentence is a performer or composer or fan of rock music
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	Answer: The definition of "thought" in the given sentence is "use or exercise the mind or one's power
senseval3.d000.s005.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "looked away" in the given sentence is "to turn away from someone or something."
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some larger
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Eyes" in the given sentence is "attention to what is seen." The
senseval3.d000.s006.t001	Answer: Definition 5: (of sound or color) free from anything that dulls or dims.
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	Answer: The sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also bright with a strange intensity, a sort of cold fire burning
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "strange" in the given sentence is "relating to or originating in or
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "intensity" in the given sentence is "chromatic purity" as it
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also bright with a strange intensity, a sort of cold fire burning behind them
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	Answer: The sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also bright with a strange intensity, a sort of cold fire burning
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	Answer: The sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also bright with a strange intensity, a sort of cold fire burning
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is "make or write a comment on."
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "a male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drunk" in the following sentence is "as if under the influence of alcohol
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wondered" in the given sentence is "place in doubt or express doubtful
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "got" in the given sentence is "to cause to move; cause to be in
senseval3.d000.s009.t002	Answer: The sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger" refers to the process of getting tied up
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stranger" in the given sentence is "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "remembered" in the given sentence is "keep in mind for attention or consideration."
senseval3.d000.s011.t000	Answer: The sentence "It was blurred, after two hours of steady drinking, but the occasion of it came
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hours" in the given sentence is "clock time." The sentence "It was
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	Answer: The sentence "It was blurred, after two hours of steady drinking, but the occasion of it came
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drinking" in the given sentence is "the act of drinking alcoholic
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "occasion" in the given sentence is "a vaguely specified social event."
senseval3.d000.s011.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "came back" in the given sentence is "go back to something earlier" as
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	Answer: The stranger in the given sentence is an individual that one is not acquainted with. The phrase "stranger"
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The sentence "The stranger, his head seemingly sunk in thought, started to cross the street against the light just as
senseval3.d000.s012.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "sunk" in the given sentence is "fall or descend to a lower place or level
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "thought" in the given sentence is "the process of using your mind to consider
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "started" in the given sentence is "set in motion, cause to start."
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "cross" in the given sentence is "to meet and pass."
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	Answer: The corresponding definition for "street" in the given sentence is "a thoroughfare that is lined with buildings and
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	Answer: Definition 5: spiritual awareness.
senseval3.d000.s012.t008	The most suitable meaning for "huge" in the given sentence is "extremely large or massive in size or amount
senseval3.d000.s012.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "moving van" in the given sentence is "a van used for moving home or office
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "roared" in the given sentence is "make a loud noise, as of animal."
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "intersection" in the given sentence is "a point where lines intersect."
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Brakes" in the given sentence is "a restraint used to slow or stop
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "howled" in the given sentence is "make a loud noise, as of wind
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "horn" in the given sentence is "a high pommel of a Western s
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "blared" in the given sentence is "make a loud noise."
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	Response: Based on the given sentence, "man" refers to a male subordinate who serves in the armed forces and is
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	Answer: Definition 5: Hit with a missile from a weaponIn the given sentence, "hit" refers
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "called out" in the given sentence is "challenge to a duel." The
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "second" in the given sentence is "the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme
senseval3.d000.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shout" in the given sentence is "involuntary" as it implies
senseval3.d000.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "involuntary" in the given sentence is "controlled by the autonomic
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	Response: The sentence "His shout had been involuntary, something anybody might have done without thinking, on the sp
senseval3.d000.s014.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "thinking" in the given sentence is "involuntary" as it implies
senseval3.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable meaning for "on the spur of the moment" in the given sentence is "on impulse; without
senseval3.d000.s015.t000	Answer: In reality or actuality, the sentence "As a matter of fact, he wouldn't have cared
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cared" in the given sentence is "provide care for."
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence is "an effigy of Guy Faw
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	Answer: Definition 5: Hit with a missile from a weaponIn this sentence, "hit" refers to
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	Answer: The correct meaning for "regretted" in the given sentence is "express with regret."
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	Answer: The sentence "Actually, he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mouth" in the given sentence is "the externally visible part of the oral
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "truck" in the given sentence is "a handcart that has a frame with
senseval3.d000.s016.t004	Answer: The correct meaning for "came to" in the given sentence is "return to consciousness."
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stop" in the given sentence is "the act of stopping something."
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "angry" in the given sentence is "severely inflamed and painful
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "driver" in the given sentence is "a golfer who hits the golf ball with a
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	Answer: The sentence "Actually, he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cab" in the given sentence is "small two-wheeled horse
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "walked" refers to the act of walking, which is the most suitable meaning
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stranger" in the given sentence is "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s017.t001	Answer: By then, the stranger was thanking Haney profusely and had one arm around his shoulders as if he
senseval3.d000.s017.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "had" in the sentence "By then, the stranger was thanking Haney
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "arm" refers to the human limb, which is technically the part of
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, the meaning of "shoulders" is "a cut of meat including the upper joint
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "old" in the given sentence is (used for emphasis).
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "friend" in the given sentence is "an associate who provides cooperation or assistance."
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "driver" in this context is "a golfer who
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "started" refers to the action of the driver curling his fingers to point
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "curse" in the given sentence is "heavy or severe criticism or condemn
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	Answer: The sentence "So the driver started to curse at both of them as if they had been in a plot together
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	Answer: The sentence "So the driver started to curse at both of them as if they had been in a plot together
senseval3.d000.s018.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "safe-driving" means having a good driving record without any accidents
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "record" refers to a document that can serve as legal evidence of a transaction.
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "male subordinate." The sentence refers to a
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "saved" in the following sentence means to keep up and reserve for personal or special
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "turned" in the following sentence refers to the man who saved the truck
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "looked" in the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked square
senseval3.d000.s019.t004	The correct definition for "truck driver" in the given sentence is "someone who drives a truck as an occupation
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	Answer: The definition for "face" in the given sentence is "the general outward appearance of something."
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "saying" refers to the act of communicating or reciting a fixed text
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	Response: The most suitable meaning for "word" in the given sentence is "verbal command for action."
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "driver" in the given sentence is "a golfer who hits the golf ball with a
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "stopped" refers to the driver's sudden change in behavior, which caused
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	Answer: The sentence "Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing at them, turned on his heel and went back
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	Answer: The sentence "Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing at them, turned on his heel and went back
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "heel" in the given sentence is "the back part of the human foot."
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "truck" in the given sentence is "an automotive vehicle suitable for ha
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	Response: The sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time" means that Haney did
senseval3.d000.s021.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "much" in the given sentence is "great in quantity or degree or extent
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "thought" in the given sentence is "the process of using your mind to consider
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	Response: The sentence "Haney had not given it much thought at the time" refers to a period of time considered
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	Answer: The sentence "Now he recalled it very clearly, and wondered what the truck driver had seen in those
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is "place in doubt or express doubtful spec
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	Answer: Definition 1:The sentence "Now he recalled it very clearly, and wondered what the truck
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The sentence "Now he recalled it very clearly, and wondered what the truck driver had seen in those eyes to
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	Response: The correct definition for "sort" in the given sentence is "an approximate definition or example." The sentence is describing
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "look" in the given sentence is "the general atmosphere of a place or situation and
senseval3.d000.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "call" in the given sentence is "ascribe a quality to or give a name
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "bluff" in the given sentence is "the act of deception by a false show
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "saying" refers to the supposition or nonverbal communication that can call
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "word" in the given sentence is "a unit of language that native speakers can
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	Answer: Definition 5: spiritual awareness.
senseval3.d000.s024.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "went" in the given sentence is "to be abolished or discarded."
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	Response: The sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across the street" means that when the light turned
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "went on" in the given sentence is "continue talking; he continued."
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "street" refers to the part of a thoroughfare that is lined with buildings
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stranger" in the given sentence is "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "found out" refers to the stranger's discovery that Phil was on the way
senseval3.d000.s025.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "on the way" in the given sentence is "on a route to some place."
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the given sentence is "preferred above all others and treated
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bars" in the given sentence is "a rigid piece of metal or wood used
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "insisted" means "to be emphatic or resolute and refuse to
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "offering" in the given sentence is "offer verbally."
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "buy" in the given sentence is "be worth or be capable of buying
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is "a single serving of a beverage suitable for
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	Answer: The sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in a corner and passing the time by n
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kept to himself" in the given sentence is "withhold information." Phil usually
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	Answer: The sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in a corner and passing the time by n
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "corner" in the given sentence is "a small concavity."
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	Answer: The sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in a corner and passing the time by n
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	Response: The sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in a corner and passing the time by n
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nursing" in the given sentence is "care for sick or handicapped
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the given sentence is "preferred above all others and treated
senseval3.d000.s026.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "grudges" in the given sentence is "a resentment strong enough to
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "decided" in the given sentence is "bring to an end; settle
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "mind" is "be on one's guard;
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "company" refers to a social gathering of guests or companions.
senseval3.d000.s027.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "in return" in the given sentence is "in exchange or in reciprocation."
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	Answer: The sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks, even though he
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is "a single serving of a beverage."
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	Response: The sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks, even though he
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "good" in this context means having desirable or positive qualities that are usually
senseval3.d000.s027.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "money" in the given sentence is "the official currency issued by a government or
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "job" in this context refers to the principal activity in one's life that
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wondered" in the given sentence is "place in doubt or express doubtful
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "having" in the following sentence refers to the feeling of being in a relationship
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "screwball" in the given sentence is "a pitch with reverse spin that
senseval3.d000.s029.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "company" in the given sentence is "small military unit; usually two or three pl
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The sentence "He really didn't take the offer seriously, but he began to feel uneasy" suggests that the
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "offer" in the given sentence is "something offered (as a proposal or bid
senseval3.d000.s030.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "began" refers to the action of taking the first step or steps in carrying
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "feel" in the sentence "He really didn't take the offer
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	Answer: The sentence "He really didn't take the offer seriously, but he began to feel uneasy" suggests
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	Response: The sentence "When he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete -LRB-
senseval3.d000.s031.t001	Answer: The sentence "When he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete -LRB-
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "realized" means "to perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	Response: The sentence "When he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete -LRB-
senseval3.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable meaning for "first name" in the given sentence is "the name that precedes the surname." The sentence
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	Answer: The sentence "When he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete -LRB-
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The sentence "When he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete -LRB- all he
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seem" in this context means "appear to one's own mind
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wink" in the given sentence is "signal by winking."
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	Response: The sentence "When he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete -LRB-
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stare" in the given sentence is "fixate one's eyes."
senseval3.d000.s032.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "managed" in the given sentence is "act on, dispose of, or achieve something
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "weak" in the given sentence is "lacking in physical strength or vitality."
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "laugh" in the given sentence is "a humorous anecdote or
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "think" in the given sentence is "devise or invent."
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Thanks" in the following sentence is "with the help of or owing to."
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	Answer: The sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows" refers to a subtle
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "crease" in the given sentence is "an angular or rounded shape made by fol
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	Answer: The sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows" suggests that the crease
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s035.t004	Answer: The definition for "eyebrows" in the given sentence is "the arch of hair above each eye."
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "think" in the given sentence is "use or exercise the mind or one'
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "taking" in the sentence "I think you are
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	Answer: The sentence "I meant it" means that the speaker intended to express or convey a logical consequence or have a specified
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "has" in the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" refers
senseval3.d000.s038.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kind" in the given sentence is "a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
senseval3.d000.s038.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "grudge" in the given sentence is "a resentment strong enough to
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "hit" in the following sentence refers to the act of being struck by something,
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "truck" in the given sentence is "a handcart that has a frame with
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "returning" refers to returning to a previous state or condition. Therefore, the
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "favors" in the given sentence is "an inclination to approve."
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "do" refers to "carry out or perform an action" in the context
senseval3.d000.s041.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "somebody" in the given sentence is "a human being." The sentence "I
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "like" in the given sentence is "find enjoyable or agreeable."
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cost" in the given sentence is "require to lose, suffer, or sacrifice."
senseval3.d000.s042.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cent" in the given sentence is "a fractional monetary unit of several
senseval3.d000.s043.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Go ahead" in the given sentence is "proceed with a plan of action."
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	Answer: The sentence "Go ahead and try me!!" refers to putting to the test, as for its quality,
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rubbed" in the given sentence is "scrape or rub as if
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "forehead" in the given sentence is "the large cranial bone forming
senseval3.d000.s045.t000	Response: The sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" refers to the state of feeling uncomfortable or
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "feel" in the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly"
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "woolly" in the given sentence is "covered with dense cottony hair
senseval3.d000.s046.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "humor" in the given sentence is "make an exit."
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guy" in the given sentence is "an effigy of Guy Faw
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The sentence "Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit" suggests that the speaker is considering
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "exit" in the given sentence is "euphemistic expressions for death."
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "He really didn't expect anything to come of it, and there were
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "He really did not expect anything to come of it, and there were a few
senseval3.d000.s047.t002	Answer: The sentence "He really didn't expect anything to come of it, and there were a few people"
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the following sentence is "members of a family line."
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "conceded" in the given sentence is "give over; surrender or relin
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	Answer: The sentence "All right, he conceded finally, if you must know, I do not get along with the
senseval3.d000.s048.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "get along with" in the given sentence is "have smooth relations."
senseval3.d000.s048.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "landlord" in the given sentence is "a landowner who leases to
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "keeps" in the given sentence is "maintain" as it means to
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "riding" refers to the act of continuously driving or traveling on a
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "like" in the given sentence is "find enjoyable or agreeable."
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "listen" in the given sentence is "pay close attention to; give heed to
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "radio" in the given sentence is "an electronic receiver that detects and demod
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) deliver by singing- Deliver a message or message by
senseval3.d000.s049.t006	Response: The sentence "He keeps riding me because I like to listen to the radio and sing while I'm taking
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "bath" is "a room (as in a
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "says" in the given sentence is "report or maintain" as it indicates the
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "neighbors" in the given sentence is "a nearby object of the same
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "complain" refers to making a formal accusation or bringing a formal charge.
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "believe" refers to the belief that something is true or correct. The sentence
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	Answer: The sentence "Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers them" suggests that the speaker is
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	Answer: The sentence "Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers them" suggests that the speaker is
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "a male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "closed" in the given sentence is "cease to operate or cause to cease
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the given sentence is "good discernment (either vis
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nodded" in the given sentence is "let the head fall forward through d
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "looked" in the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed almost
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seemed" in the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed almost
senseval3.d000.s053.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "contented" in the given sentence is "make content."
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Fine" in the given sentence is "of textures that are smooth to the
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	Answer: Definition 1: Give is a verb that means to transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to somebody. It can
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	Response: The correct answer is (computer science) the code that identifies where a piece of information is stored.
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	Response: The sentence "It will take a little time" refers to the process of taking something or someone with oneself.
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "It will take a little time" refers to a period of time considered as a
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "want" in the given sentence is "want for a particular reason."
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "study" in the following sentence refers to the process of analyzing and understanding
senseval3.d000.s057.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "landlord" in the given sentence is "a landowner who leases to
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "habits" is (psychology) an automatic
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "movements" refers to the act of changing the location of something, which is
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	Answer: Definition 1: To perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight.
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	Response: The sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident" suggests that the speaker is making a deliber
senseval3.d000.s058.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "look" in the given sentence is "bear a physical resemblance to."
senseval3.d000.s058.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "accident" in the given sentence is "an unfortunate mishap"
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "suicide" in the given sentence is "a person who kills himself intention
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "looks" in the sentence refers to the perception or impression that someone has
senseval3.d000.s059.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "reasonable" in this context means "not excessive or extreme" or "
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the given sentence is "an event causing distress or pain."
senseval3.d000.s060.t001	Answer: In that way there is no trouble for the customer.
senseval3.d000.s061.t000	Answer: The definition for "eyebrows" in the given sentence is "the arch of hair above each eye."
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "Haney's eyebrows flew up" refers to the
senseval3.d000.s062.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Customer" in the given sentence is "someone who pays for goods or services."
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smiled" in the given sentence is "express with a smile."
senseval3.d000.s064.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "line of work" in the given sentence is "principal activity in your life that
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "said" refers to expressing a supposition or having a certain wording
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the given sentence is "a unit of time equal to 6
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	Response: The sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney could make his break, the stranger stood up and nodded
senseval3.d000.s065.t002	Answer: Definition 5: Break (geology) refers to the displacement of one side of a crack in the earth
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	Answer: The sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney could make his break, the stranger stood up and nodded
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	Answer: The correct meaning for "nodded" in the given sentence is "sway gently back and forth,
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	Answer: The correct meaning for "farewell" in the given sentence is "the act of departing politely."
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	Answer: The sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently,
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	Answer: The sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently,
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wiry" in the given sentence is "relating to hair that resembles
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "slip" in the given sentence is "a minor inadvertent mistake usually observed
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	Answer: The sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently,
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly
senseval3.d000.s066.t007	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	Answer: Definition 1: "See" refers to the ability to perceive by sight or have the power to perceive
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	Answer: The sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently,
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	Answer: The sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently,
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "departure" in the given sentence is "euphemistic expressions for death
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	Answer: The sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	Answer: The sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	Response: The sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "passed" refers to the fact that Phil decided to stay a little longer and
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seemed" refers to the impression or outward aspect of the strange little man
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	Answer: The sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	Answer: The sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	Answer: The sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed as
senseval3.d000.s068.t000	Response: The sentence "Some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack, putting the whole
senseval3.d000.s068.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "midnight" in the given sentence is "the middle of the night."
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	Response: The sentence "Some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack, putting the whole
senseval3.d000.s068.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "apartment" in the given sentence is "suite of rooms usually on one floor
senseval3.d000.s068.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hit the sack" in the given sentence is "put the whole incident out of
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "putting" refers to the act of putting something into a certain place or abstract
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	Answer: The sentence "Some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack, putting the whole
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "incident" in the given sentence is "a public disturbance."
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mind" in the given sentence is "intellectual ability." The sentence refers
senseval3.d000.s068.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fell asleep" in the given sentence is "put out of mind." The
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	Answer: The next day, Sunday, the hangover reminded Haney where he had been the night before. The
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "day" in the given sentence is "a period of time taken by a particular planet (
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	Answer: The next day, Sunday, the hangover reminded Haney where he had been the night before. This
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "reminded" in the given sentence is "assist (somebody acting or rec
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "night" in the given sentence is "the period spent sleeping."
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hangover" in the given sentence is "an official who remains in office after his
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reminded" in the given sentence is "assist" as it suggests the
senseval3.d000.s070.t002	The most suitable meaning for "conversation" in the given sentence is "the use of speech for informal exchange of
senseval3.d000.s070.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "weirdy" in the given sentence is "unusual, eccentric
senseval3.d000.s070.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "groaned" in the given sentence is "indicate pain, discomfort
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	Answer: The sentence "He went for more aspirin later in the day, and passed the surly landlord
senseval3.d000.s071.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "aspirin" in the given sentence is "slowly poisoning platelets"
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "day" in the following sentence refers to the time for Earth to make a complete
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	Answer: The sentence "He went for more aspirin later in the day, and passed the surly landlord
senseval3.d000.s071.t004	The most suitable meaning for "surly" in the given sentence is "inclined to anger or bad feelings with over
senseval3.d000.s071.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "landlord" in the given sentence is "a landowner who leases to
senseval3.d000.s071.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "on the way" in the given sentence is "on a route to some place."
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	Answer: The sentence "He went for more aspirin later in the day, and passed the surly landlord
senseval3.d000.s071.t008	The most suitable meaning for "as usual" in the given sentence is "in the usual manner." The sentence "He went
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tenants" in the given sentence is "a holder of buildings or lands by any
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "burden" in the given sentence is "central idea that is expanded in a document
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	Answer: Definition 1: The experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities.
senseval3.d000.s072.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "shrugged" in the given sentence is "to raise one's shoulders to
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	Answer: Ignored is the correct definition for "ignored" in the given sentence.
senseval3.d000.s074.t000	Answer: By Wednesday, the landlord was still alive.
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	Answer: By Wednesday the landlord was still alive. The sentence does not specify whether the landlord is
senseval3.d000.s075.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Of course" in the given sentence is "as might be expected."
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mailed" in the given sentence is "to cause to be directed or transmitted
senseval3.d000.s075.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "monthly" in the given sentence is "occurring or payable every month
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "check" in the given sentence is "a written order directing a bank to pay
senseval3.d000.s075.t004	Answer: The sentence "Of course On Thursday, Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	Answer: The sentence "Of course On Thursday, Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his
senseval3.d000.s075.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wife" in the given sentence is "a married woman" as "wife
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	Answer: The sentence "Of course On Thursday, Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stranger" in the given sentence is "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "Of course On Thursday, Haney mailed the monthly check for
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	Answer: Definition 1: Coming (noun)Coming refers to the process of moving toward, travel
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "home" in the given sentence is "housing that someone is living in."
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	Response: The sentence "Coming home from work, he was startled to see a police car parked in front of
senseval3.d000.s076.t003	Answer: The correct meaning for "startled" in the given sentence is "to move or jump suddenly, as if in
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	Answer: Definition 1: Coming home from work, he was startled to see a police car parked in front
senseval3.d000.s076.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "front" in the given sentence is "the side that is forward or prominent."
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lobby" in the given sentence is "a group of people who try act
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line." The sentence "
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	Response: The sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly" suggests that the people
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	Answer: The sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly" suggests that the people
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "spine" in the given sentence is "the part of a book's cover
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "crawled" in the given sentence is "show submission or fear."
senseval3.d000.s078.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "foreboding" in the given sentence is "ominously prophetic."
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "premonition" in the given sentence is "an early warning about a future event
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	Answer: The sentence "His spine crawled with a foreboding premonition as he asked one of his
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "fellow" in the given sentence is "a person who is a member of one'
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tenants" in the given sentence is "a holder of buildings or lands by any
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "happened" in the given sentence is "come to pass" as it means "
senseval3.d000.s079.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "landlord" in the given sentence is "a landowner who leases to
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "died" in the given sentence is "to suffer or face the pain of death
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "afternoon" in the given sentence is "a conventional expression of greeting or fare
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seemed" refers to the impression or outward aspect of the situation, which
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	Answer: The sentence "Late that afternoon, it seemed, he had fallen off the roof while on some obscure err
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "roof" in the given sentence is "the inner top surface of a covered area or
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "obscure" in the given sentence is "not easily understood or expressed."
senseval3.d000.s080.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "errand" in the given sentence is "a short trip that is taken in the performance
senseval3.d000.s080.t006	Answer: The correct meaning for "inspection" in the given sentence is "a formal or official examination."
senseval3.d000.s082.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Nobody" in the given sentence is "no one" or "no one
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "witnessed" in the given sentence is "be a witness to." The
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	Answer: The definition for "fall" in the given sentence is "the season when the leaves fall from the trees."
senseval3.d000.s082.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sickening" in the given sentence is "causing or able to cause n
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "impact" in the given sentence is "influencing strongly." The sentence "
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	Answer: The definition for "body" in the given sentence is "the entire structure of an organism (an animal,
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smashed" in the given sentence is "hit violently and suddenly" as it
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pavement" in the given sentence is "material used to pave an area
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "basement" in the given sentence is "the ground floor facade or interior in
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "delivery" in the given sentence is "the act of giving birth."
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "entrance" in the given sentence is "the act of entering."
senseval3.d000.s083.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hoped" in the given sentence is "be optimistic; be full of hope
senseval3.d000.s083.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nobody" in the given sentence is "no one."
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	Answer: The sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor, as he felt the blood drain
senseval3.d000.s083.t003	Answer: The sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor, as he felt the blood drain
senseval3.d000.s083.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pallor" in the given sentence is "unnatural lack of color in the
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor, as he felt
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	Answer: The definition for "blood" in the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drain" in the given sentence is "deplete of resources."
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cheeks" in the given sentence is "an impudent statement."
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "muttered" in the given sentence is "make complaining remarks or noises under
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	Answer: The sentence "He muttered something about how terrible it was, and walked with deliberate slowness to the elev
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "walked" in the given sentence is "to walk at a pace."
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "deliberate" in the given sentence is "hurriedly and with
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "slowness" in the given sentence is "lack of normal development of intellectual capacities
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "elevator" in the given sentence is "the airfoil on the tail
senseval3.d000.s085.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "apartment" in the given sentence is "suite of rooms usually on one floor
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	Answer: The sentence "Once inside his apartment, he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped limply
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "drink" in the given sentence is "the act of drinking alcoholic be
senseval3.d000.s085.t003	The correct definition for "trembling" in the given sentence is "moving or jerking involuntarily up
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	Response: The definition for "hands" in the given sentence is "a hired laborer on a farm or ran
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flopped" in the given sentence is "fall utterly; collapse."
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "chair" in the given sentence is "a seat for one person, with a support
senseval3.d000.s086.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "while" in the given sentence is "a period of indeterminate length marked
senseval3.d000.s086.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "After a while he began to feel better about it, especially when no one bother
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "feel" in the sentence "After a while he began to feel better about
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "After a while he began to feel better about it, especially when no one bother
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "ask" is "request and expect" as it implies
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "questions" is "a formal proposal for action made to
senseval3.d000.s088.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "convinced" in the given sentence is "make someone believe or accept something as
senseval3.d000.s088.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "accident" refers to an unfortunate mishap that happens suddenly or
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "coincidence" in the given sentence is "the temporal property of two things happening
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stranger" in the given sentence is "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s089.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "had" in the sentence "The stranger really had nothing to do with it,
senseval3.d000.s089.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "nothing" in the given sentence is "a quantity of no importance."
senseval3.d000.s089.t003	Response: The most suitable meaning for "do" in the given sentence is "carry out or perform an action."
senseval3.d000.s090.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "went to bed" in the given sentence is "prepared for sleep." The
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "happy" in the given sentence is marked by good fortune.
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lousy" in the given sentence is "infested with lice."
senseval3.d000.s090.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "landlord" in the given sentence is "a landowner who leases to
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "man" refers to a male person who is not a woman. Therefore, the
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "had" in the sentence "After all, the man had no family, so
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "family" in the given sentence is "a loose affiliation of gangsters in charge
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "suffered" refers to the man's emotional pain and unple
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	Answer: The sentence "Really, he said to himself, nobody kills a man just as a favor!!"
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kills" in the given sentence is "cause to cease operating."
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	Response: The sentence "Really, he said to himself, nobody kills a man just as a favor!!"
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "favor" in the given sentence is "souvenir consisting of a small gift
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "thought" in the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	Answer: The sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what I said" means that the speaker thought the other
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "said" in the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	Answer: The stranger "s eyes were large and sad, as if Phil Haney had hurt his feelings." This means that
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some larger
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "large" in the given sentence is "generous and understanding and tolerant."
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "sad" in the given sentence is "of things that make you feel sad; un
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hurt" in the given sentence is "give trouble or pain to."
senseval3.d000.s094.t005	Response: The correct definition for "feelings" in the given sentence is "a vague idea in which some confidence is
senseval3.d000.s095.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recurrent" in the given sentence is "overtaking" or "continuing
senseval3.d000.s095.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "annoying" in the given sentence is "causing irritation or annoy
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dream" in the given sentence is "a nightmare." The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dream" in the given sentence is "a nightmare." The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "beginning" refers to the first step or steps in carrying out an action.
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "overtones" in the given sentence is "a harmonic with a frequency that
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nightmare" in the given sentence is "a terrifying or deeply ups
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Knew" in the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not a
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "dream" in this context refers to a cherished desire.
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tight" in the given sentence is "exasperatingly difficult to handle
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "knew" in the sentence "He might be very tight, but he knew
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature."
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bar" in the given sentence is "a rigid piece of metal or wood used
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "weeks" in the given sentence is "a period of seven consecutive days starting on
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "night" in the given sentence is "the period of ignorance or backwardness or
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "had" in the given sentence is "have as a feature."
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "excuse" in the given sentence is "a note explaining an absence."
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) take in liquids2) consume alcohol3
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "usual" in the given sentence is "occurring or encountered or experienced or
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "sitting" refers to being in a specific professional capacity, such as serving as
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "usual" in the given sentence is "occurring or encountered or experienced or
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "corner" in the given sentence is "a small concavity."
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	Answer: The sentence "He had been sitting in the usual corner at the little table, as far as possible from any talk
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "table" refers to a flat tableland with steep edges. Therefore, the
senseval3.d000.s099.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "as far as possible" in the given sentence is "to a feasible extent."
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "talkative" in the given sentence is "unwisely talking too much
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	Answer: The sentence "He had been sitting in the usual corner at the little table, as far as possible from any talk
senseval3.d000.s099.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "lushes" in the given sentence is "a person who drinks alcohol to
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "enjoying" in the given sentence is "have benefit from."
senseval3.d000.s100.t001	Answer: The sentence "He was enjoying the weekly ritual of washing down his pet grievance with b
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ritual" in the given sentence is "stereotyped behavior."
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "washing down" in the given sentence is "to drink a drink with a little
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pet" in the given sentence is "a special loved one."
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	Answer: The sentence "He was enjoying the weekly ritual of washing down his pet grievance with b
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "bourbon" in the given sentence is "a member of the European royal family that ruled
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	Response: The sentence "He was enjoying the weekly ritual of washing down his pet grievance with b
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the given sentence is "preferred above all others and treated
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "grievance" in the given sentence is "a complaint about a (real
senseval3.d000.s101.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "landlord" in the given sentence is "a landowner who leases to others
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	Answer: The sentence "He had already quite forgotten about him" suggests that the speaker has already forgotten about the person mentioned in
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "mentioned" in the given sentence is "make reference to."
senseval3.d000.s103.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "spur" in the given sentence is "a sharply pointed projection at the base of
senseval3.d000.s103.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "moment" in the given sentence is "at this time" as it refers to
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "real" in the given sentence is "capable of being treated as fact" as
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "grievance" in the given sentence is "a complaint about a (real
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "end" in the given sentence is "the final part or section of something."
senseval3.d000.s105.t001	The correct definition for "fourth" in the given sentence is "just before the fifth."
senseval3.d000.s105.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hairy" in the given sentence is "hazardous and frightening
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	Answer: The sentence "Toward the end of his fourth hairy highball, while he was moodily making
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	Answer: The sentence "Toward the end of his fourth hairy highball, while he was moodily making
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rings" in the given sentence is "a toroidal shape."
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is "the second half of an inning; while the
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "glass" in the given sentence is "a small refracting telescope."
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "became" in the given sentence is "enhance the appearance of."
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "aware" in the given sentence is "attentive to."
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	Answer: The sentence "He looked up with bloodshot eyes and beheld the stranger sitting across the table, smiling a
senseval3.d000.s106.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bloodshot" in the given sentence is "inflamed." The sentence describes the
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval3.d000.s106.t003	The most suitable meaning for "beheld" in the given sentence is "seen with attention." The sentence describes the character
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stranger" in the given sentence is "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	Answer: The sentence "He looked up with bloodshot eyes and beheld the stranger sitting across the table, smiling a
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "table" in the given sentence is "a piece of furniture with tableware for
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smiling" in the given sentence is "express with a smile." The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	Answer: The sentence "He looked up with bloodshot eyes and beheld the stranger sitting across the table, smiling a
senseval3.d000.s106.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smile" in the given sentence is "a facial expression characterized by turning
senseval3.d000.s106.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conspirators" in the given sentence is "a member of a conspi
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is "make or write a comment on."
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "name" in the given sentence is "a person's reputation."
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	Answer: Definition 1: perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight.
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	Answer: The correct meaning for "sit down" in the given sentence is "be seated."
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "a male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "uncanny" in the given sentence is "surpassing the ordinary or normal."
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shadow" in the given sentence is "an unilluminated area" as it
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The sentence "The man was uncanny, like a shadow, and made as much noise as a shadow" uses the
senseval3.d000.s108.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "much" in the given sentence is "great in quantity or degree or extent
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "noise" in the given sentence is "the auditory experience of sound that la
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shadow" in the given sentence is "an unilluminated area" as it
senseval3.d000.s109.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "felt like" in the given sentence is "have an inclination for something or
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	Answer: The sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out of sight, but he was already trapped in the corner
senseval3.d000.s109.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "out of sight" in the given sentence is "not accessible to view."
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	Answer: The sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out of sight, but he was already trapped in the corner
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "corner" in the given sentence is "a small concavity."
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wiry" in the given sentence is "of or relating to wire." The
senseval3.d000.s109.t006	The sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out of sight, but he was already trapped in the corner with the
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	Answer: The sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out of sight, but he was already trapped in the corner
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	Answer: The sentence "He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	Answer: The sentence "He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shouted" in the given sentence is "utter a sudden loud cry."
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	Answer: The sentence "He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "truck" in the given sentence is "a handcart that has a frame with
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bore down" in the given sentence is "to exert full strength."
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "crossing" refers to a point where two lines (paths or arcs)
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "saddled" in the given sentence is "load or burden; encumber
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "creep" in the given sentence is "a slow longitudinal movement or de
senseval3.d000.s111.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bar-buddy" in the given sentence is "a rigid piece of metal
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "start" refers to the action of taking the first step or steps in carrying out
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "going" in the given sentence is "to move, travel, or proceed, also
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "places" refers to the post or function properly or customarily occupied or served
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "low" in the given sentence is "unrefined in character."
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "voice" in the given sentence is (metonymy) a singer.
senseval3.d000.s113.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "whispering" in the given sentence is "speak softly, in a
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "asked" in the given sentence is "direct or put; seek an answer to."
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "happy" in the given sentence is marked by good fortune.
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	Response: The sentence "In a low voice, almost whispering, the man had asked Phil if he was happy with the
senseval3.d000.s113.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "landlord" in the given sentence is "a landowner who leases to
senseval3.d000.s113.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "taken off" in the given sentence is "remove from a position or position of authority
senseval3.d000.s113.t009	Answer: The correct meaning for "back" in the given sentence is "the posterior part of a human (or animal)
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	Response: The sentence "He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way, and instantly realized that his skepticism
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "mistake" in the given sentence is "an understanding of something that is not correct
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	Response: The sentence "He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way, and instantly realized that his skepticism
senseval3.d000.s114.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "offhand" in the given sentence is "casually thoughtless or inconsiderate
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	Response: The sentence "He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way, and instantly realized that his skepticism
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "realized" means "to perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "skepticism" in the given sentence is "disbelief in any claims of
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "showed" in the sentence "He made the mistake of answering in an off
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "face" in the given sentence is "the general outward appearance of something."
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voice" in the given sentence is (metonymy) a singer.
senseval3.d000.s115.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "frowned" in the given sentence is "look angry or sullen, wr
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "became" in the given sentence is "enhance the appearance of."
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sad" in the given sentence is "bad" as it describes the negative emot
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "moody" in the given sentence is "subject to sharply varying moods
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	Answer: The sentence "Haney did not want to encourage his company, but felt he ought to buy him a
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "encourage" in the given sentence is "spur on."
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence is "small military unit; usually two or three pl
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Haney did not want to encourage his company, but felt he ought
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	Answer: The sentence "Haney did not want to encourage his company, but felt he ought to buy him a
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "drink" in the given sentence is "a single serving of a beverage suitable for
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prevent" in the given sentence is "stop" as it means to stop someone or
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "possible" in the given sentence is "existing in possibility."
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the given sentence is "an unwanted pregnancy."
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the given sentence is "an event causing distress or pain."
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence is "an effigy of Guy Faw
senseval3.d000.s118.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sulked" in the given sentence is "display one's displeasure
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "drink" in the given sentence is "the act of drinking alcoholic be
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "upset" in the given sentence is "form metals with a swage."
senseval3.d000.s118.t004	The correct definition for "lack" in the given sentence is "the state of not having what is needed or wanted."
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "appreciation" in the given sentence is "an increase in price or value."
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk. The most suitable meaning for 'break' in the
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "uncomfortable" in the given sentence is "providing or experiencing physical
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "silence" in the given sentence is "the absence of sound."
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk" means
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	Answer: To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk.
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is "a single serving of a beverage."
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	Answer: In time, and two drinks later, he was complaining bitterly about his wife. The sentence suggests that
senseval3.d000.s120.t002	The most suitable meaning for "wife" in the given sentence is "a married woman." The sentence describes a man'
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "subject" in the given sentence is "something (a person or object or scene) selected
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the given sentence is "a unit of time equal to 6
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	Answer: The sentence "In time, and two drinks later, he was complaining bitterly about his wife" suggests
senseval3.d000.s120.t006	The most suitable meaning for "renewed" in the given sentence is "restored to a new condition." The sentence
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	Answer: The sentence "In time, and two drinks later, he was complaining bitterly about his wife" suggests
senseval3.d000.s120.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "listener" in the given sentence is "someone who listens attentively."
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	Answer: The sentence "In time, and two drinks later, he was complaining bitterly about his wife" uses
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "alert" in the given sentence is "quick and energetic."
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	Answer: Definition 11: impudent aggressivenessIn this sentence, "face" refers to the cont
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	Answer: The sentence "In time, and two drinks later, he was complaining bitterly about his wife" suggests
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the given sentence is "an area that is approximately central within some
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "paused" in the given sentence is "cease an action temporarily." The
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "moisten" in the given sentence is "moisten with fine drops."
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	Answer: The passage to the stomach and lungs is the correct choice for the meaning of "throat"
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stranger" in the given sentence is "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	Response: The sentence "When he paused to moisten his throat, the stranger broke in" suggests that the speaker paused
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "pay" refers to the act of giving money, usually in exchange for goods or
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "bills" refers to a statute in draft before it becomes law.
senseval3.d000.s123.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "runs around" in the given sentence is "play boisterously."
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "men" in the given sentence is "male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s123.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hate" in the given sentence is "dislike intensely; feel antip
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	Answer: The sentence "If she runs around with other men, and if you hate her as you say, why not just
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "divorce" in the given sentence is "get a divorce" since it
senseval3.d000.s124.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "scowled" in the given sentence is "to frown with displeasure."
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bitch" in the given sentence is "informal terms for objecting."
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "love" in the given sentence is "enamored or in love with."
senseval3.d000.s125.t002	The most suitable meaning for "divorce" in the given sentence is "legal dissolution of a marriage." The sentence
senseval3.d000.s125.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "growled" in the given sentence is "to utter or emit low dull
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	Response: According to the given text, "get" in the sentence "Then she 'd get half of everything I have
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "half" in the given sentence is "one of two divisions into which some games or performances
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Then she 'd get half of everything I have" means that the speaker is
senseval3.d000.s127.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Community property" in the given sentence is "property and income belonging jointly to
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "Community property deal" refers to an agreement between parties (usually after discussion
senseval3.d000.s127.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Community property deal -- you know" refers to the fact that the speaker is
senseval3.d000.s128.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "sell out" means to give up one's business or assets in order
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "business" refers to the activity of providing goods and services involving financial and commercial
senseval3.d000.s128.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "pay" in this context means "to eliminate debts or loans by pay
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "I 'd have to sell out my business to pay her off with her share
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nodded" in the given sentence is "let the head fall forward through d
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	Answer: Definition 1:Now I see is a figurative expression that means to become aware of something or someone
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	Answer: Understand is a verb meaning "to perceive, comprehend, or make sense of something." It is used
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "state" refers to the territory occupied by a nation. Therefore, the most suitable
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "came" in the sentence means "to reach a destination or arrive by movement
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "retire" means to stop performing one's work or withdraw from one'
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "do" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do a
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	Answer: The sentence "That's why I -- why I do a free job now and then" suggests that the speaker
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "That's why I -- why I do a free job now and then"
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "told" in the sentence "You should have told me about her before"
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	Response: The sentence "Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again"
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "twinge" in the given sentence is "a sharp stab of pain."
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "annoyance" in the given sentence is "the psychological state of being ir
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	Answer: The sentence "Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again"
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "familiar" in the given sentence is "well known or easily recognized within normal every
senseval3.d000.s137.t005	Response: The sentence "Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again"
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	Response: The sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain" suggests that the speaker is experiencing a
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "thought" in the given sentence is "the process of using your mind to consider
senseval3.d000.s138.t002	Response: The sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain" suggests that the speaker is experiencing a
senseval3.d000.s138.t003	Response: The sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain" refers to a circular or rotating mechanism
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "clouded" in the given sentence is "mentally disordered."
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "brain" refers to the central nervous system, which includes all the higher
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	Answer: The sentence "Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was T!" suggests a supp
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	Answer: The sentence "Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was T!" is asking a
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence is "an effigy of Guy Faw
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was T
senseval3.d000.s140.t000	Answer: retired professional killer means someone who has retired from their work or profession.
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	Answer: Based on the given sentence, "A retired professional killer" means someone who has a profession or engages in
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, "A retired professional killer" refers to a person who is a former professional k
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nut" in the given sentence is "a small (usually square or hexag
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "harm" in the given sentence is "the act of damaging something or someone."
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	Response: The sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm was done" suggests that the action or behavior of the
senseval3.d000.s142.t000	The most suitable meaning for "real thing" in the given sentence is "authentic" as it implies that the speaker is referring
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "do" in the sentence "But if he was the real thing, he could
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "felt" in the sentence "He felt very cunning, very proud of
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cunning" in the given sentence is "marked by skill in deception."
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "proud" in the given sentence is "having or displaying great dignity or
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	Response: The sentence "He felt very cunning, very proud of himself as he played on the other man's soft
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the given sentence is "male subordinate."
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "soft spot" in the given sentence is "a sentimental affection."
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "No offense intended" means "a lack of politeness or a failure to
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	Answer: The sentence "No offense intended ``, he said gently" means that the speaker intended to express a friendly
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "said" in this context means "to express or report in words." Therefore
senseval3.d000.s145.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "know" refers to possessing knowledge or information about something. Therefore, the most
senseval3.d000.s146.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cops" in the given sentence is "uncomplimentary terms for a
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	Answer: The cops did not suspect a thing, and I thought it was a coincidence. The definition of "s
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	Response: The correct definition for "thing" in the given sentence is "an abstract or special abstraction."
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	Response: The most suitable meaning for "thought" in the given sentence is "use or exercise the mind or one'
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	Answer: The cops did not suspect a thing, and I thought it was a coincidence, as the meaning of "
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "After all, I didn't know you, Pete" means that
senseval3.d000.s148.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "accident" can be interpreted as an unfortunate mishap or an
senseval3.d000.s149.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "shrugged" in the given sentence is "to raise one's shoulders to
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "say" is "report or maintain" as it express
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	Answer: 5) carry on or functionBased on the given sentence, "But if you say you managed
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	Answer: The stranger in the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is an individual that one is not acquainted with.
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hooked" in the given sentence is "to make a piece of needlework
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the given sentence is "attention to what is seen."
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "burned" in the given sentence is "burn with heat, fire, or radiation
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "muttered" in the given sentence is "make complaining remarks or noises under
senseval3.d000.s154.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Of course" in the given sentence is "as might be expected."
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "looked" in the sentence means "give a certain impression or have a
senseval3.d000.s154.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "accident" refers to an unfortunate mishap that happens suddenly or
senseval3.d000.s155.t000	Answer: The sentence "I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "way" in this context refers to the general category of things, used in the
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	Response: The sentence "I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi
senseval3.d000.s155.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "customer" in the given sentence is "someone who pays for goods or services."
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "has" in the sentence "I always work it that way -- and always at
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	Answer: The sentence "I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) actively cause something to happen2) consent to,
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prove" in the given sentence is "establish the validity of something
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "think" in the given sentence is "judge or regard; look upon;
senseval3.d000.s157.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "manage" refers to being in charge of, acting on, or disposing
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "favor" in the given sentence is "an inclination to approve."
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "waited" in the given sentence is "wait before acting."
senseval3.d000.s159.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "swished" in the given sentence is "move with a hissing sound."
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "liquor" in the given sentence is "an alcoholic beverage that is
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is "the second half of an inning; while the
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "glass" in the given sentence is "a container for holding liquids while drinking
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rout" in the given sentence is "another reminder that political " ticket splitting "
senseval3.d001.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress
senseval3.d001.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hopeful" in the given sentence is "aspiring young person."
senseval3.d001.s000.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "district" in the given sentence is "regional division or area" as it
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "backed" in the given sentence is "travel backward."
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the given sentence is "representing or appealing
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "presidential" in the given sentence is "befitting a president."
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "candidate" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reminder" in the given sentence is "warning" as it is used to alert
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	Response: According to the given text, "federal" in the sentence "Tuesday's rout of a
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	Response: The sentence "Tuesday's rout of a GOP congressional hopeful in a Mississippi district that
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	Answer: The sentence "Tuesday's rout of a GOP congressional hopeful in a Mississippi district that
senseval3.d001.s000.t012	Response: According to the given text, "rise" in the sentence "Tuesday's rout of a G
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the given sentence is "of a person who has held and rel
senseval3.d001.s000.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "half century" in the given sentence is "a period of 50 years."
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	Answer: The sentence "In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	Answer: The sentence "In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	Answer: The sentence "In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20
senseval3.d001.s001.t003	The correct definition for "%" in the given sentence is "a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	Answer: According to the given text, "nation" refers to the United States, which is a federation of tribes
senseval3.d001.s001.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress
senseval3.d001.s001.t006	The sentence "In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20% of
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	Answer: In only one presidential election year prior to 1948, more than 20% of the
senseval3.d001.s001.t008	Answer: The sentence "In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	Answer: The sentence "In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	Answer: In only one presidential election year prior to 1948, more than 20% of the
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "percentage" in the given sentence is "assets belonging to or due to or contributed
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "equals" in the given sentence is "make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching
senseval3.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable meaning for '%' in the sentence "Now that percentage routinely equals a third and twice has been above
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "As we know, voters tend to favor Republicans more in races for president
senseval3.d001.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voters" in the given sentence is "a citizen who has a legal
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "tend" refers to the fact that voters tend to favor Republicans more
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "favor" in this context means "treat gently or carefully" or
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the given sentence is "an advocate of a republic (
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "races" refers to a contest of speed in races for president and Congress.
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "president" in the given sentence is "the chief administrative officer of a college or university
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "presidential" in the given sentence is "befitting a president."
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	Response: The correct definition for "election" in the given sentence is "the act of selecting someone or something; the
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the given sentence is "earlier than the present time" as
senseval3.d001.s004.t003	The correct definition for "half century" in the given sentence is "a period of 50 years."
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "presidential" in the given sentence is "befitting a president."
senseval3.d001.s004.t005	The correct definition for "candidacy" in the given sentence is "the campaign of a candidate to be elected."
senseval3.d001.s004.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "captured" means "to succeed in representing or expressing something intangible
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "percentage" in the given sentence is "assets belonging to or due to an individual
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	Response: The correct definition for "major" in the given sentence is "of greater importance or stature or rank, of
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "party" in the given sentence is "a group of people gathered together for pleasure."
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "popular" in this context means "representing or appealing to or
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	Response: The correct definition for "vote" in the given sentence is "the legal right guaranteed by the 15th
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "president" in the given sentence is "the chief executive of a republic."
senseval3.d001.s004.t013	The correct definition for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress."
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "seats" in the given sentence is "the legal right to sit as a member
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	Response: According to the given sentence, "popular" in this context means "representing or appealing to or
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	Response: The correct definition for "vote" in the given sentence is "the legal right guaranteed by the 15th
senseval3.d001.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pattern" in the given sentence is "a customary way of operation or behavior."
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	Answer: The sentence "Prior to 1932, the pattern was nearly the opposite" means that the pattern
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "accounts" in the given sentence is "to give an account or representation of in
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "results" in the given sentence is "something that results." The phrase "what accounts
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "recent" refers to the results of recent decades. Therefore, the most
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "decades" in the given sentence is "the cardinal number that is the sum of
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "simple" in the given sentence is "lacking mental capacity and subtlety."
senseval3.d001.s007.t001	Answer: The sentence "A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in
senseval3.d001.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world"
senseval3.d001.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "provide" in the given sentence is "give what is desired or needed,
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "partial" in the given sentence is "showing favoritism."
senseval3.d001.s007.t005	Answer: The sentence "A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in
senseval3.d001.s007.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "split personality" in the given sentence is "a relatively rare dissociative dis
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "displayed" in the given sentence is "to attract attention by displaying some body part
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Americans" in the given sentence is "a native or inhabitant of a
senseval3.d001.s007.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voting booth" in the given sentence is "a private vote booth."
senseval3.d001.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "theory" in the given sentence is (2). The theory relies on three assumptions
senseval3.d001.s008.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "relies" in the given sentence is "has faith in." The sentence "The
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "assumptions" in the given sentence is "act of assuming or taking for granted
senseval3.d001.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Voters" in the given sentence is "a citizen who has a legal
senseval3.d001.s009.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "buy" refers to the act of acquiring something by purchasing it.
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "brands" in the given sentence is "a name given to a product or service."
senseval3.d001.s009.t003	Answer: The sentence "1 -RRB- Voters can `buy` one of two brands when
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "political" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the profession of
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "agents" in the sentence "1 -RRB- Voters can
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the given sentence is "having the supreme power lying
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "brand" in the given sentence is a name given to a product or service.
senseval3.d001.s009.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "believes" in the given sentence is "has a firm conviction as to the
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "minimalist" refers to the Republican brand that believes in the minimalist
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "state" refers to the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "virtues" in the given sentence is "a particular moral excellence."
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	Answer: According to the given sentence, "private" in the sentence refers to the brand of political agents that believes in
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "markets" in the given sentence is "the securities markets in the
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vices" in the given sentence is "evildoing."
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "public" in the given sentence is "affecting the people or community as a
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	Response: According to the given sentence, "action" refers to the process of engaging in a military engagement. Therefore
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the given sentence is "representing or appealing
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	Answer: The correct definition for "brand" in the given sentence is a name given to a product or service.
senseval3.d001.s009.t019	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "believes" in the given sentence is "has a firm conviction as to the
senseval3.d001.s009.t020	Answer: The sentence "1 -RRB- Voters can'buy'one of two brands when they
senseval3.d001.s009.t021	Answer: The correct definition for "government" in the given sentence is "the system or form by which a community
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "public" in the given sentence is "affecting the people or community as a
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	Response: According to the given sentence, "intervention" refers to the act of intervening in the affairs of other countries
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "remedy" in the given sentence is "provide relief for."
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "excesses" in the given sentence is "immoderation as a consequence
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	Answer: According to the given sentence, "attendant" refers to someone who follows or accompanies someone as a consequence.
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	Answer: The correct definition for "pursuit" in the given sentence is "a search for an alternative that meets cogn
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	Answer: According to the given sentence, "private" in the sentence refers to the brand of political agents that believes in
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	Response: According to the given sentence, "interest" in the following sentence refers to the brand of political agents that bel
senseval3.d001.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to con
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "representatives" in the given sentence is "an advocate who represents someone else
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "have" in the sentence "2 -RRB- Congressional represent
senseval3.d001.s010.t003	Answer: The sentence "2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "responsibilities" in the given sentence is "the proper sphere or extent of your activities
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "voting" refers to the process of casting a vote in a congressional
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "office" in the given sentence is "an administrative unit of government."
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	Answer: The sentence "2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	Answer: The sentence "2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	Response: According to the given text, "issues" refers to the act of providing supplies (as food or clothing or
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	Response: The sentence "2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	Answer: The sentence "2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in
senseval3.d001.s010.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "roll call" in the given sentence is "attending to local issues."
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	Answer: The correct definition for "votes" in the given sentence is "a legal right guaranteed by the 15
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "legislation" in the given sentence is "law enacted by a legisl
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "imposes" in the given sentence is "impose and collect."
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	Answer: The correct definition for "costs" in the given sentence is "the total spent for goods or services including money
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "confers" in the given sentence is "present."
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefits" in the given sentence is "something that aids or promotes
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	Answer: The correct definition for "population" in the given sentence is "the total number of inhabitants in a given place
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	Answer: The correct definition for "attending" in the given sentence is "pay attention to."
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	Answer: The sentence "2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	Response: According to the given text, "issues" refers to the act of providing supplies (as food or clothing or
senseval3.d001.s010.t023	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "constituency" in the given sentence is "local issues."
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "service" in the sentence "2 -RRB
senseval3.d001.s010.t025	Answer: The sentence "2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the given sentence is "characteristic of such government" as
senseval3.d001.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "representatives" refers to the members of the United States House of Representatives,
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "belief" in the given sentence is "minimalist state" because it is
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "minimalist" refers to the belief of Republican congressional representatives in
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	Answer: The definition for "state" in the given sentence is the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "willing" in the given sentence is "disposed or inclined toward" because
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "3 -RRB- Republican congressional representatives" are less willing
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	Answer: The sentence "3 -RRB- Republican congressional representatives, because of their belief in a minimal
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Democratic" refers to the principles of democracy and social equality,
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "members" in the sentence "3 -RRB- Republican congressional represent
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	Answer: The sentence "If these assumptions hold, voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	Response: The sentence "If these assumptions hold, voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner
senseval3.d001.s012.t002	Answer: In economic theory, the prisoner's dilemma refers to a situation where two individuals have a mutual
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "races" in the given sentence is "a contest of speed."
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "face" in this context refers to the political party's stance on issues
senseval3.d001.s012.t005	Answer: The sentence "If these assumptions hold, voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner
senseval3.d001.s012.t006	Answer: The definition of "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world" as it
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "If these assumptions hold, voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	Answer: The definition of "incentive" in the given sentence is "a positive motivational influence."
senseval3.d001.s012.t009	Response: The correct definition for "margin" in the given sentence is "an amount beyond the minimum necessary."
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	Answer: The sentence "If these assumptions hold, voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	Answer: The sentence "If these assumptions hold, voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	Answer: The sentence "If they put a Republican into office, not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "office" in the given sentence is "an administrative unit of government."
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	Answer: The sentence "If they put a Republican into office, not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	Answer: The sentence "If they put a Republican into office, not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefits" in the given sentence is "something that aids or promotes
senseval3.d001.s013.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "legislator" in the given sentence is "someone who makes or enact
senseval3.d001.s013.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "powerless" in the given sentence is "relatively powerless."
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prevent" in the given sentence is "stop (someone or something) from doing
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "relatively powerless to prevent other legislators
senseval3.d001.s013.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "legislators" in the given sentence is "someone who makes or enact
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "bringing" refers to the process of bringing something or somebody into a particular
senseval3.d001.s013.t011	Answer: The sentence "If they put a Republican into office, not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits
senseval3.d001.s013.t012	The most suitable meaning for "respective" in the given sentence is "relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from
senseval3.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable meaning for "constituencies" in the given sentence is "the body of voters who elect a representative
senseval3.d001.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "legislator" in the given sentence is "someone who makes or enact
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	Answer: Definition 3: Return to consciousness.
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	Answer: The sentence "Each legislator, after all, is only one out of 535 when it comes to
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	Answer: The sentence "Each legislator, after all, is only one out of 535 when it comes to
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "making" in the given sentence is "the act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "races" in the given sentence is "a contest of speed."
senseval3.d001.s015.t001	Answer: In races for the White House, a voter's incentive, at the margin, is to lean
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "incentive" in the given sentence is "an additional payment (or other rem
senseval3.d001.s015.t003	Response: In races for the White House, a voter's incentive, at the margin, is to lean
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lean" in the given sentence is "have a tendency or disposition to do or
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence is "the chief
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter's
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter's
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "benefits" refers to the financial assistance provided to voters in their particular
senseval3.d001.s016.t004	Based on the given sentence, "Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter's particular
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "particular" in the sentence means "specific to a person or thing or category
senseval3.d001.s016.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "district/state" refers to the geographical area in which a particular election
senseval3.d001.s016.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "such" in the given sentence is "of such a degree or extent" as it
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence is "the chief
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter's particular district
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "effective" means "capable of producing an intended result or having a striking
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "preventing" refers to the ability of a GOP president to limit local benefits
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Other" in the sentence refers to the White Queen, who is not the same
senseval3.d001.s016.t013	Answer: According to the given sentence, "districts/states" refers to the geographic regions or areas that are
senseval3.d001.s016.t014	Answer: According to the given sentence, "legislators" refers to the elected officials who make and enact laws at
senseval3.d001.s016.t015	Answer: According to the given sentence, "bringing home" refers to the ability of a GOP president to limit
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter's
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	Answer: According to the given sentence, "benefits" refers to the financial assistance provided to voters in their particular
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	Answer: The definition of "individual" in the given sentence is "a single thing or person." Therefore, the most
senseval3.d001.s017.t001	Answer: The individual voter "s standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes" refers to the fact that
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "standing" in the following sentence is "enhanced through lower taxes." The sentence
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "enhanced" in the given sentence is "make better or more attractive."
senseval3.d001.s017.t004	Answer: The individual voter's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes.
senseval3.d001.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world"
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "simple" in the given sentence is "lacking mental capacity and subtlety."
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "appears" refers to the fact that this theory is "exceedingly simple
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "explain" in the given sentence is "serve as a reason or cause or just
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "several" in this context refers to an indefinite number more than
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	Response: The correct definition for "things" in the given sentence is "an entity that is not named specifically."
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century: Prior
senseval3.d001.s019.t002	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t003	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t005	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "president" in the given sentence is "an executive officer of a firm or corporation
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advent" in the given sentence is "the season including the four Sundays preceding
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voters" in the given sentence is "citizen who has a legal right
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	Response: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s019.t017	Answer: The sentence "First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	Answer: The sentence "Second, it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congression
senseval3.d001.s020.t001	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	Question: Select the most suitable definition for "hold" in the given text.Answer: The most suitable definition for
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	Answer: The sentence "Second, it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congression
senseval3.d001.s020.t005	Answer: The sentence "Second, it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congression
senseval3.d001.s020.t006	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "representatives" refers to the members of the United States House of Representatives,
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t009	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	Response: According to the given text, the definition of "specific" in the sentence "Any individual legislator's constitu
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t014	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	Answer: The correct definition for "cost" in the given sentence is "the total spent for goods or services including money and
senseval3.d001.s020.t018	Answer: According to the given sentence, "associated" in the sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval3.d001.s020.t020	Answer: The sentence "Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	Response: According to the given sentence, "doing" refers to the process of carrying out or performing an action, as
senseval3.d001.s020.t022	Answer: The sentence "Second, it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congression
senseval3.d001.s020.t023	The most suitable meaning for "constituency" in the given sentence is "the body of voters who elect a representative
senseval3.d001.s021.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world."
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	Answer: The definition for "suggests" in the given sentence is "intimate by a hint."
senseval3.d001.s021.t002	Answer: The definition of "legislators" in the given sentence is "someone who makes or enacts laws
senseval3.d001.s021.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "much" in the given sentence is "great in quantity or degree or extent
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "national" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or belonging to a
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	Answer: The definition of "policy" in the given sentence is a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group.
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "making" in the given sentence is "the act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	Answer: The definition of "relative" in the given sentence is "properly related in size or degree or other meas
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	Answer: The sentence "Third, the theory suggests why legislators who pay too much attention to national policy making relative to
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "have" in the following sentence refers to the theory's suggestion that legislators
senseval3.d001.s021.t010	Answer: The definition for "security" in the given sentence is "a formal declaration that documents a fact of relevance to
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "office" in the given sentence is "an administrative unit of government."
senseval3.d001.s022.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "For example" in the given sentence is "as an example."
senseval3.d001.s022.t001	Answer: The sentence "For example, first-term members of the House, once the most vulnerable of incumbents
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	Response: The sentence "For example, first-term members of the House, once the most vulnerable of incumbents
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vulnerable" in the given sentence is "capable of being wounded or
senseval3.d001.s022.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "incumbents" in the given sentence is "the official who holds an office."
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	Answer: The sentence "For example, first-term members of the House, once the most vulnerable of incumbents
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	Answer: The sentence "For example, first-term members of the House, once the most vulnerable of incumbents
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defeat" in the given sentence is "thwart the passage of."
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "exception" in the given sentence is "grounds for adverse criticism."
senseval3.d001.s023.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recent" in the given sentence is "of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trend" in the given sentence is "general line of orientation."
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defeat" in the given sentence is "the feeling that accompanies an experience
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "freshman" in the given sentence is "a new participant in some activity
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the given sentence is "an advocate of a republic (
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "brought" in the given sentence is "to cause to come into a particular state
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	Response: The correct definition for "office" in the given sentence is "an administrative unit of government."
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "revolution" in the given sentence is "a single complete turn (axial or
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	Response: The sentence "The one exception to this recent trend was the defeat of 13 of the 52
senseval3.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable meaning for "re-election" in the given sentence is "running for re-election." The
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "freshmen" in the given sentence is "a first-year undergraduate
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	Answer: The sentence "Because these freshmen placed far more emphasis on their partisan role -- spreading the Re
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "emphasis" in the given sentence is "stress or pitch" as it refers
senseval3.d001.s024.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "partisan" in the given sentence is "devoted to a cause or party."
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "role" in the given sentence is "an actor's portrayal of someone in
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "spreading" refers to the partisan role of freshmen in national policy making
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	Answer: The definition of "revolution" in the given sentence is "a drastic and far-reaching change in
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	Answer: The sentence "Because these freshmen placed far more emphasis on their partisan role -- spreading the Re
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	Answer: The definition of "policy" in the given sentence is a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group.
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "making" in the given sentence is "to cause to be or to become" as
senseval3.d001.s024.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vulnerable" in the given sentence is "capable of being wounded or
senseval3.d001.s025.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Fourth" in the given sentence is "coming next after the third and just before
senseval3.d001.s025.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world."
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "indicates" in the given sentence is "to state or express briefly."
senseval3.d001.s025.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Fourth, the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time
senseval3.d001.s025.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "difficult" in the given sentence is "hard to control."
senseval3.d001.s025.t005	Response: The correct definition for "time" in the given sentence is "a period of time considered as a resource under your
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	Answer: The sentence "Fourth, the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable
senseval3.d001.s025.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "viable" in the given sentence is "capable of being done with means at hand
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something (
senseval3.d001.s025.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress."
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "office" in the given sentence is "an administrative unit of government."
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Potential" in the given sentence is "in prospect."
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "discouraged" in the given sentence is "deprive of courage or hope
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "running" in the following sentence is "move fast by
senseval3.d001.s026.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress
senseval3.d001.s026.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "salary" in the given sentence is "something that remunerates."
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prospect" in the given sentence is "the possibility of future success."
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defeat" in the given sentence is "the feeling that accompanies an experience
senseval3.d001.s026.t008	Answer: Definition 5: The cards held in a card game by a given player at any given time.
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Democratic" in the sentence means "belonging to or rel
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "opponent" in the given sentence is "a contestant that you are matched
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "extent" in the given sentence is "the distance or area or volume over which
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "potential" in the given sentence is "in prospect."
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something
senseval3.d001.s027.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "financial" in the given sentence is "related to or involving financial matters."
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	Answer: To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner's dile
senseval3.d001.s027.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress
senseval3.d001.s027.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "game" in the given sentence is "an amusement or pastime."
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner '
senseval3.d001.s027.t008	The correct definition for "disadvantage" in the given sentence is "the quality of having an inferior or less favorable
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	Answer: To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner's dile
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "attempts" in the given sentence is "the act of attacking."
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "competitive" in the given sentence is "subscribing to capitalistic competition
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "slate" in the given sentence is "a list of candidates nominated by a political
senseval3.d001.s027.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something
senseval3.d001.s028.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Fifth" in the given sentence is "coming next after the fourth and just before
senseval3.d001.s028.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world."
senseval3.d001.s028.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "provide" in the given sentence is "give what is desired or needed, especially
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	Answer: The definition of "partial" in the given sentence is "showing favoritism."
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "Fifth, the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "extent" in the given sentence is "the distance or area or volume over which
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportion
senseval3.d001.s029.t002	Answer: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress since
senseval3.d001.s029.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "disproportionate" means not proportionate. Therefore, the most suitable
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "share" refers to the disproportionate power held by Democratic legislators
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	Answer: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	Answer: To translate means to bring to a certain spiritual state or bring to a state of understanding or comprehension. In the
senseval3.d001.s029.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "such" in the given sentence is "of so extreme a degree or extent."
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefits" in the given sentence is "something that aids or promotes
senseval3.d001.s029.t012	Answer: According to the given text, "respective" in the sentence "To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t013	Answer: The body of voters who elect a representative for their area.
senseval3.d001.s029.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voters" in the given sentence is "a citizen who has a legal
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	Answer: According to the given sentence, "strong" in the sentence means having a strong physiological or chemical effect,
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "incentive" in the given sentence is "an additional payment (or other rem
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	Answer: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress
senseval3.d001.s029.t019	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "such" in the given sentence is "of so extreme a degree or extent."
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Democrats" refers to the members of the Democratic Party, which is
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	Answer: According to the given text, "office" in the following sentence refers to the administrative unit of government that holds the
senseval3.d001.s030.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world"
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "suggests" in the given sentence is "intimate by a hint."
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the given sentence is "an advocate of a republic (
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fared" in the given sentence is "eat well."
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "races" in the given sentence is "a contest of speed."
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	Answer: The sentence "Finally, the theory suggests why Republicans generally have fared better in Senate races than in campaign
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	Answer: The sentence "Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of
senseval3.d001.s031.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefit-seeking" in the given sentence is "something that a
senseval3.d001.s031.t002	The correct definition for "matters" in the given sentence is "have weight, carry weight." The sentence states that since
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	Answer: The sentence "Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "policy" in the given sentence is "written contract or certificate of insurance."
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "making" in the given sentence is "the act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s031.t006	The correct definition for "matters" in the given sentence is "have weight, carry weight." The sentence states that since
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chamber" in the given sentence is "a deliberative or legislative or
senseval3.d001.s031.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "pattern" in the given sentence is "a customary way of operation or behavior."
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Republicans" refers to the members of the Republican Party, who are less
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "willing" in the given sentence is "not brought about by coercion or force
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	Answer: The sentence "Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of
senseval3.d001.s031.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefit-seeking" in the given sentence is "something that a
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Democratic" refers to the pattern of local benefit-seeking
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "counterparts" in the given sentence is "a duplicate copy." The sentence states that
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "empirical" in the given sentence is "based on empirical evidence or observation
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "support" refers to the financial resources provided to make a project possible. Therefore,
senseval3.d001.s032.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "theory" in the given sentence is "a tentative insight into the natural world"
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "Three pieces of evidence corroborate the key assumption that Democratic legislators are
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the given sentence is "indication that makes something evident."
senseval3.d001.s033.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "corroborate" means "give evidence for" or "make more
senseval3.d001.s033.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "key" in the given sentence is "serving as an essential component."
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	Response: The most suitable meaning for "assumption" in the given sentence is "act of assuming or taking for granted."
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the given sentence is "belonging to or rel
senseval3.d001.s033.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "legislators" in the given sentence is "someone who makes or enact
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "willing" in the given sentence is "not brought about by coercion or
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Three pieces of evidence corroborate the key assumption that Democratic legislators are
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "local" in the given sentence is "of or characteristic of a particular locality or
senseval3.d001.s033.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefit-seeking" in the given sentence is "a performance to
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the given sentence is "characteristic of such government" as
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "colleagues" in the given sentence is "associate" as it refers to
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "First" in the given sentence is "serving to begin."
senseval3.d001.s034.t001	Answer: According to economists James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo, GOP senators turn back roughly 1
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "find" in the sentence refers to the finding of something by searching or investigation.
senseval3.d001.s034.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "senators" in the given sentence is "members of the U.S. Senate
senseval3.d001.s034.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "turn back" refers to the opposite of "turn around." In this context,
senseval3.d001.s034.t005	The correct definition for "allocated" in the given sentence is "distribute according to a plan or set apart for a
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "personal" refers to the personal staff budgets of GOP senators,
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "staff" in this context refers to the personnel who assist their senators in
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "budgets" in the given sentence is "a summary of intended expenditures
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the given sentence is "an advocate of democr
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "extent" in the given sentence is "the distance or area or volume over which something
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "duty" in the given sentence is "the social force that binds you
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "staff" in this context refers to the personnel who assist their superior in carrying
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates
senseval3.d001.s035.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefit-seeking" in the given sentence is "something that a
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "indicates" means to state or express briefly, to give evidence of,
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "philosophy" in the given sentence is "the rational investigation of questions about
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	Answer: According to the given sentence, "leads" refers to the primary duty of personal staff, which involves local benefit
senseval3.d001.s035.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the given sentence is "of or relating to congress
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the given sentence is "a tributary of the Kansas
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	Answer: The sentence "To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates
senseval3.d001.s036.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Second" in the given sentence is "a part or voice or instrument or orchestra
senseval3.d001.s036.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "key" in the given sentence is "essential component."
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	Answer: The sentence "Second, if the key assumption is valid, Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "valid" in this context means "legally acceptable" or "still leg
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the given sentence is "an advocate of democr
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "have" in the sentence "Second, if the key assumption is valid, Democr
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attendance" in the given sentence is "the frequency with which a person is present
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rates" in the given sentence is "relative speed of progress or change."
senseval3.d001.s036.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "roll-call" in the given sentence is "to call out the names of those
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "votes" is "the total number of voters
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the given sentence is "an advocate of a republic (
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "extent" in the given sentence is "the distance or area or volume over which
senseval3.d001.s036.t012	The correct definition for "such" in the given sentence is "of such a degree or extent."
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "votes" is "the total number of voters
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	Answer: The sentence "Second, if the key assumption is valid, Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	Answer: The sentence "Second, if the key assumption is valid, Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	Answer: The definition of "policy" in the given sentence is a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group.
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "making" in the given sentence is "the act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s036.t018	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "participating" in the sentence "Second, if the key assumption is valid,
senseval3.d001.s036.t019	The correct definition for "such" in the given sentence is "of such a degree or extent."
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "votes" is "the total number of voters
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	Response: According to the given sentence, "time" in this context refers to the period of time a legislator spends
senseval3.d001.s036.t022	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "legislator" in the given sentence is "someone who makes or enact
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	Answer: According to the given sentence, "devote" refers to dedicating one's time, effort, or resources
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	Answer: The sentence "Second, if the key assumption is valid, Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-
senseval3.d001.s036.t025	Answer: The sentence "Second, if the key assumption is valid, Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-
senseval3.d001.s037.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "data" in the given sentence is "an item of factual information derived from measurement
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "indicate" in the given sentence is "to state or express briefly" as it
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	Response: The sentence "This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly in the case of the House" refers to the fact
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the given sentence is "representing or appealing
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attendance" in the given sentence is "the frequency with which a person is present
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rate" in the given sentence is "relative speed of progress or change." The sentence
senseval3.d001.s038.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "exceeded" in the given sentence is "be superior or better than some standard
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the given sentence is "having the supreme power lying
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attendance" in the given sentence is "the frequency with which a person is present
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rate" in the given sentence is "relative speed of progress or change." The sentence
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "shown" in the given sentence is "entertaining."
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	Answer: The sentence "Finally, as shown in the table, Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the given sentence is "an advocate of democratic principles
senseval3.d001.s039.t003	The sentence "Finally, as shown in the table, Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "proportion" in the given sentence is "the quotient obtained when the magnitude of
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	Answer: According to the given text, "personal" in the sentence "Finally, as shown in the table,
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	Response: According to the given text, "staffs" refers to the personnel who assist their superior in carrying out an
senseval3.d001.s039.t007	The correct definition for "district" in the given sentence is "a region marked off for administrative or other purposes."
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	Answer: According to the given text, "offices" refers to the administrative units of government that are responsible for carrying out
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	Answer: The sentence "Finally, as shown in the table, Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs
senseval3.d001.s039.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefit-seeking" in the given sentence is "something that a
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "duties" in the given sentence is "the social force that binds you to
senseval3.d001.s039.t012	The most suitable meaning for "matter" in the given sentence is "have weight" as "matter" refers to
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	Answer: The sentence "Finally, as shown in the table, Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	Answer: The definition of "policy" in the given sentence is a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group.
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "making" in the given sentence is "the act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	Answer: The correct definition for "activities" in the given sentence is "the state of being active" as it refers
senseval3.d001.s039.t017	The most suitable meaning for "matter" in the given sentence is "have weight" as "matter" refers to
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Relative" in the sentence "Finally, as shown in the table, Democr
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	Answer: According to the given text, "offices" refers to the administrative units of government that are responsible for carrying out
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "examination" in the given sentence is "a set of questions or exercises
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "changes" in the sentence "An examination of changes
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	Answer: According to the given material, "personal" in the sentence "An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "decisions" in the given sentence is "the act of making up your mind about
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	Answer: The definition of "control" in the given sentence is "a relation of constraint of one entity (thing or person
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "body" in the sentence "An examination of changes
senseval3.d001.s040.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "changed" in the given sentence is "transferred to another owner."
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	Answer: The sentence "An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "reveals" means to make visible or to disclose directly or through proph
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	Answer: According to the given material, "personal" in the sentence "An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "differences" in the given sentence is "a significant change."
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "noted" in the given sentence is "make mention of or notice or perceive."
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	Answer: The sentence "An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "attributed" in the sentence "An examination of changes
senseval3.d001.s040.t014	Answer: The correct definition for "disproportionate" in the given sentence is "not proportionate."
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	Answer: The definition of "control" in the given sentence is "a relation of constraint of one entity (thing or person
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the given sentence is "an advocate of democr
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "exercise" in the sentence "An examination
senseval3.d001.s040.t018	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "majority-party" in the given sentence is "the main part" as it
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "status" in the given sentence is "relative position or standing in a society."
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual" as it implies that the changes
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	Answer: The definition of "resources" in the given sentence is "a new or reserve supply that can be drawn upon when
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "committee" in the given sentence is "self-constituted organization to promote
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "staff" in the given sentence is "personnel who assist their superior in carrying
senseval3.d001.s041.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "additional" in the given sentence is "further or added."
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "piece" in the sentence refers to an artistic or literary composition. Therefore
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the given sentence is "indication that makes something evident."
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Holding" in the given sentence is "to have or hold in one's
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "other" in the given sentence is "not the same one or ones already mentioned or imp
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	Answer: The definition of "factors" in the given sentence is "any of the numbers (or symbols) that form
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "constant" in the given sentence is "uninterrupted in time and indefinitely
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "incumbency" in the given sentence is "the office of an incumbent
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "advantages" in the given sentence is "positive function of how onerous the
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	Answer: The definition of "regional" in the given sentence is related or limited to a particular region.
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	Answer: The definition of "factors" in the given sentence is "any of the numbers (or symbols) that form
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "difference" in the given sentence is "a significant change."
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	Answer: According to the given sentence, "popular" in the sentence means "representing or appealing to or
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	Answer: The correct definition for "votes" in the given sentence is "a legal right guaranteed by the 15
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the given sentence is "holding other factors constant, such
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "presidential" in the given sentence is "befitting a president."
senseval3.d001.s041.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "senatorial" in the given sentence is "of or relating to senators."
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	Answer: The correct definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something (
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	Response: According to the given material, the definition of "states" in the sentence "An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	Answer: The correct definition for "conducting" in the given sentence is "lead musicians in the performance of
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	Answer: The sentence "An additional piece of evidence from the Senate: Holding other factors constant, such as incumben
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	Answer: According to the given sentence, "turns out" refers to the result or end of the additional piece of evidence
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	Answer: The sentence "An additional piece of evidence from the Senate: Holding other factors constant, such as incumben
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	Answer: The definition of "function" in the given sentence is a mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (
senseval3.d001.s041.t024	The most suitable meaning for "onerous" in the given sentence is "wearing." The sentence states that "An
senseval3.d001.s041.t025	Answer: The definition of "federal government" in the given sentence is "a government with strong central powers."
senseval3.d001.s041.t026	Answer: The correct definition for "tax" in the given sentence is "a charge against a citizen's person or
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "burden" in the given sentence is "central idea" as it is expanded in
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	Response: According to the given material, the definition of "state" in the sentence "An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	Answer: According to the given sentence, "progressive" means favoring or promoting reform (often by government action
senseval3.d001.s041.t030	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tax rate" in the given sentence is "percentage of income taxes paid per
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	Answer: The definition of "hits" in the given sentence is "a positive function of how onerous the federal
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	Response: According to the given sentence, "higher" in the sentence means "being at or having a relatively great
senseval3.d001.s041.t033	Answer: The definition of "income" in the given sentence is "the financial gain (earned or unearned
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	Response: According to the given material, the definition of "states" in the sentence "An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	Answer: Definition 5:To cause someone to undergo something means to cause them to experience a particular event or
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "president" in the given sentence is "the chief executive of a republic."
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "looked on" in the given sentence is "look on as or consider."
senseval3.d001.s042.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voters" in the given sentence is "citizen who has a legal right
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the given sentence is "having the supreme power lying
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something
senseval3.d001.s042.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prisoner" in the given sentence is "a person who is confined."
senseval3.d001.s042.t008	The most suitable meaning for "dilemma" in the given sentence is "state of uncertainty or perplexity"
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	Answer: The sentence "Put more simply, GOP candidates for president are looked on more kindly by voters than Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "appears" in the sentence "Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	Response: The sentence "Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at the state government level as it does
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	Response: The correct definition for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature."
senseval3.d001.s043.t003	Response: The correct definition for "peculiar" in the given sentence is markedly different from the usual or expected.
senseval3.d001.s043.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "pattern" in this context refers to the customary way of operation or behavior at
senseval3.d001.s043.t005	Response: The sentence "Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at the state government level as it does
senseval3.d001.s043.t006	Response: The correct definition for "government" in the given sentence is (government) the system or form
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	Response: The correct definition for "level" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "federal" in this context refers to the government of the United States as
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	Response: The correct definition for "level" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s044.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "State" in the following sentence refers to the territory occupied by one of the constitu
senseval3.d001.s044.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "government" in the given sentence is (government) the system or
senseval3.d001.s044.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "split" in the given sentence is "go one's own way; move apart
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	Response: According to the given text, "lines" refers to the political divide between Republicans and Democrats in the U
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "State government is more typically split along Republican-governor / Democratic-leg
senseval3.d001.s045.t000	The sentence "A cross-state econometric investigation, furthermore, reveals that, holding other factors constant, the difference
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	Answer: The sentence "A cross-state econometric investigation, furthermore, reveals that, holding other factors constant,
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "reveals" refers to the fact that holding other factors constant, the difference
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	Answer: Holding is defined as a positive function of the state tax rate in the sentence "A cross-state econometric
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	Answer: The definition of "factors" in the given sentence is "any of the numbers (or symbols) that form
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "constant" in the given sentence is "uninterrupted in time and indefinitely
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "difference" in the given sentence is "a significant change."
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "state" refers to the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "major" in this context means "of greater importance or stature or rank"
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	Answer: The sentence "A cross-state econometric investigation, furthermore, reveals that, holding other factors constant,
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, the definition for "vote" is a choice that is made by counting the number of
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	Response: According to the given sentence, "going" refers to the difference between a state's major-party vote going
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the given sentence is "having the supreme power lying
senseval3.d001.s045.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gubernatorial" in the given sentence is "relating to a governor."
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	Answer: The definition for "candidate" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something (for
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the given sentence is "having the supreme power lying
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	Answer: The correct definition for "share" in the given sentence is "a positive function of the state tax rate."
senseval3.d001.s045.t018	Response: According to the given sentence, "state" refers to the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "house" in the sentence "A cross-state econ
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	Answer: The sentence "A cross-state econometric investigation, furthermore, reveals that, holding other factors constant,
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	Answer: (mathematics) A mathematical relation such that each element of a given set (the domain of the function)
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	Response: According to the given sentence, "state" refers to the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of
senseval3.d001.s045.t023	The correct definition for "tax rate" in the given sentence is "rate used to calculate tax liability."
senseval3.d001.s046.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sum" in the given sentence is "the final aggregate" as it describes the total
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "federal" in the following sentence refers to the national or central government of
senseval3.d001.s046.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "state" in this context refers to the territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s046.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "government" in the given sentence is "the system or form by which a
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	Response: The sentence "In sum, at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irr
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "part" in the following sentence refers to the "extended spatial location of something
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "irrational" in the given sentence is "not consistent with or using reason."
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "behavior" in the following sentence refers to the aggregate of the responses or re
senseval3.d001.s046.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voters" in the given sentence is "a citizen who has a legal
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "display" in the given sentence is "to attract attention by displaying some body part or
senseval3.d001.s046.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voting booth" in the given sentence is "a booth in which a
senseval3.d001.s046.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "have" in the following sentence refers to the rational explanation for voters' seem
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rational" in the given sentence is "of or associated with or requiring the use
senseval3.d001.s046.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "explanation" in the given sentence is "the act of explaining; making something
senseval3.d001.s047.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "teaches" refers to imparting skills or knowledge to someone gradually over time
senseval3.d001.s047.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "business school" in the given sentence is "a graduate school offering study leading
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "long" in the given sentence is "of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension
senseval3.d002.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "frightening" in the given sentence is "causing fear or dread or terror
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "night" in the given sentence is "the period spent sleeping."
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "devastating" in the given sentence is "overwhelm or overpower."
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "earthquake" in the given sentence is "a disturbance that is extremely
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "residents" in the given sentence is "a physician (especially an intern
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "searched" in the given sentence is "inquire into."
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	Response: Based on the given sentence, "In the long, frightening night after Tuesday's devastating
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "solace" in the given sentence is "the act of consoling; giving
senseval3.d002.s001.t000	Answer: Definition 1:Some found it on the screen of a personal computer.Definition 1 is the
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	Response: The sentence "Some found it on the screen of a personal computer" refers to the display that is electronically created
senseval3.d002.s001.t002	Answer: The sentence "Some found it on the screen of a personal computer" refers to a small digital computer designed to be
senseval3.d002.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Hundreds" in the given sentence is "thousands" as it refers
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	Response: Based on the given text, the most suitable meaning for "made" in the sentence "Hundreds of Cal
senseval3.d002.s002.t002	Answer: The sentence "Hundreds of Californians made their way to their computers after the quake,
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "computers" in the given sentence is "an expert at calculation (or at operating
senseval3.d002.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "quake" in the given sentence is "shaking and vibration at the surface
senseval3.d002.s002.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "electronic" in the given sentence is "concerned with or using
senseval3.d002.s002.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bulletin boards" in the given sentence is "a board that hangs on
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	Answer: The sentence "Hundreds of Californians made their way to their computers after the quake,
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "computers" in the given sentence is "an expert at calculation (or at operating
senseval3.d002.s002.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phone lines" in the given sentence is "a telephone connection."
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vivid" in the given sentence is "having striking color."
senseval3.d002.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bulletins" in the given sentence is "a brief report" as it is a
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "came" in the sentence "Some of the most vivid bulletins came
senseval3.d002.s003.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "outposts" in the given sentence is "a military post stationed at a distance
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "electronic" in the given sentence is "concerned with or using
senseval3.d002.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "two-thirds" in the given sentence is "about two-thirds of
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "subscribers" in the given sentence is "someone who contracts to receive
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "About two-thirds of the Well's 3,000
senseval3.d002.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "quake" in the given sentence is "volcanic activity." The word "
senseval3.d002.s005.t001	Answer: Knock unconscious or senseless.
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "hours" in the given sentence is "a period of time equal to 1/
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "came" in the sentence "The quake knocked The Well out for six hours
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "teemed" in the given sentence is "move in large numbers."
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	Answer: The definition of "emotional" in the given sentence is (of persons) excessively affected by emotion
senseval3.d002.s005.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "first-hand" in the given sentence is "directly from a source."
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	Answer: The definition of "reports" in the given sentence is a written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval3.d002.s006.t000	Answer: Excerpts are a selection of a larger work, such as an article or a book, for the purpose of
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "electronic" in the given sentence is "concerned with or using
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	Response: Based on the given excerpts, the most suitable meaning for "traffic" in the sentence "Follow
senseval3.d002.s006.t003	Response: Based on the given excerpts, the most suitable meaning for "night" in the sentence "Following
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "time" in the given sentence is "a period of time considered as a resource under
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "Time" in the given sentence is "an indefinite period (usually marked
senseval3.d002.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "initials" in the given sentence is "the first letter(s) of a
senseval3.d002.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nicknames" in the given sentence is "a descriptive name for a place or
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "subscribers" in the given sentence is "someone who expresses strong appro
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "use" refers to the time zone in which the initials or nicknames are
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "identify" is "give the name or ident
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "avenues" in the given sentence is "a wide street or thoroughfare."
senseval3.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable meaning for "third" in the given sentence is "last" as it is the last word in the sentence
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	Response: The sentence "I was in the avenues, on the third floor of an old building, and except for
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	Answer: The sentence "I was in the avenues, on the third floor of an old building, and except for
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "building" in the given sentence is "the commercial activity involved in repairing old structures
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "heart" in the given sentence is "the locus of feelings and intuitions"
senseval3.d002.s011.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "Beat" in the following sentence refers to the rhythmic contraction and
senseval3.d002.s011.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "BEAT" in the given sentence is "the rhythmic contraction and expansion
senseval3.d002.s011.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "OK" in the given sentence is "being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	Answer: The sentence "Got back to Bolinas, and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	Answer: The sentence "Got back to Bolinas, and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The sentence "Got back to Bolinas, and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor, file
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	Answer: The sentence "Got back to Bolinas, and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	Response: The sentence "Got back to Bolinas, and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor
senseval3.d002.s012.t005	The sentence "Got back to Bolinas, and everything had fallen: broken poster frames with glass on the floor, file
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	Answer: The sentence "Got back to Bolinas, and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	Response: The sentence "Got back to Bolinas, and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the given sentence is "preferred above all others and treated
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	Answer: The sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole, waiting for the game to start" means that the speaker
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner, as indicated by
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "start" refers to the action of taking the first step or steps in carrying out
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	Response: The sentence "I felt the temblor begin and glanced at the table next to mine, smiled that guilty
senseval3.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable meaning for "temblor" in the given sentence is "earthquake." The sentence "I
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	Answer: The sentence "I felt the temblor begin and glanced at the table next to mine, smiled that guilty
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "glanced" in the given sentence is "hit at an angle."
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "table" in the given sentence is "a piece of furniture with tableware for
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "next" in the given sentence is "nearest in space or position; immediately ad
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smiled" in the given sentence is "express with a smile." The sentence "
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guilty" in the given sentence is "showing a sense of guilt."
senseval3.d002.s016.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smile" in the given sentence is "a facial expression characterized by turning
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mouthed" in the given sentence is "articulate silently; form words
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	Response: The most suitable meaning for "words" in the given sentence is "a brief statement" as it is a unit
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Earth-quake" in the given sentence is "a disturbance that is
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "long" in the given sentence is "of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	Response: The sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the temblors to pass" uses the definition "
senseval3.d002.s017.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "temblors" in the given sentence is "shaking and vibration at the
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "pass" in this context means "to go through or pass by." The definition
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "time" in the given sentence is "a suitable moment."
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	Response: The sentence "This time, it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "building" in the given sentence is "the commercial activity involved in repairing old structures
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "started" refers to the building's shaking violently up and down
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	Answer: The sentence "This time, it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "child" in the given sentence is "a young person of either sex."
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "toy" in the given sentence is "a nonfunctional replica of something
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	Answer: The definition of "block" in the given sentence is "a solid piece of something (usually having flat rect
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tossed" in the given sentence is "throw carelessly."
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "library" in the given sentence is (computing) a collection of standard programs and
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "hit" in the following sentence refers to the act of striking something with a miss
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Endless" in the given sentence is "tiresomely long; having no
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "seconds" in the given sentence is "the fielding position of the player on a
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wondering" in the given sentence is "place in doubt or express doubtful
senseval3.d002.s022.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "huge" in the given sentence is "extremely large or large in size
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	Answer: The sentence "Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass" suggests
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "buckle" in the given sentence is "fold or collapse" as it suggests
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shower" in the given sentence is "provide abundantly with."
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "glass" in the given sentence is "a container for holding liquids while drinking
senseval3.d002.s023.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "few" in the given sentence is "a small but indefinite number."
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "books" refers to a physical object consisting of a number of pages bound together.
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "fell" in the sentence "Only a few books
senseval3.d002.s023.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "reading room" in the given sentence is "a room set aside for reading."
senseval3.d002.s024.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "auto" in the given sentence is "a motor vehicle with four wheels, usually prop
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "paint" in this context refers to the substance used as a coating
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shop" in the given sentence is "small workplace where handcrafts or manufact
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	Response: The sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of black smoke into the air" suggests
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "sent" in the given sentence is "to cause or order to be taken, directed,
senseval3.d002.s024.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evil-looking" in the given sentence is "having an evil appearance."
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	Response: Based on the given sentence, "cloud" in this context refers to a visible mass of water or ice particles susp
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	Answer: The definition of "black" in the given sentence is "marked by anger or resentment or hostility
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smoke" in the given sentence is "a cloud of fine particles suspended in
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	Answer: The definition of "air" in the given sentence is "a mixture of gases (especially oxygen)
senseval3.d002.s027.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "daughter" in the given sentence is "a female human offspring."
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fine" in the given sentence is "of textures that are smooth to the
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "building" in the given sentence is "the commercial activity involved in repairing old structures
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	Answer: Definition 5:To undermine or cause to waver means to cause someone to doubt or question
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hell" in the given sentence is "any place of pain and turmoil"
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kept" in the given sentence is "maintain" as it means to
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "getting" in the given sentence is "to cause to move; cause to be in
senseval3.d002.s029.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gas tank" in the given sentence is "a tank for holding gasoline to supply
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	Answer: Except for the gas tank at Hustead's Towing Service exploding and burning in downtown
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	Answer: Definition 5: BurningExcept for the gas tank at Hustead's Towing Service
senseval3.d002.s029.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "downtown" in the given sentence is "the central area or commercial center
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "things" in the given sentence is "an entity that is not named specifically."
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	Answer: The sentence "Except for the gas tank at Hustead's Towing Service exploding and burning in
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "lot" is "a large number or amount or extent
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "car" in the given sentence is "a wheeled vehicle adapted to the rails
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "alarms" in the given sentence is "an automatic signal (usually a
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "went off" in the given sentence is "discharge" as it includes taking
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "cats" in the given sentence is "an informal term for a youth or
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fine" in the given sentence is "of textures that are smooth to the
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nervous" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the nervous
senseval3.d002.s034.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Huge" in the given sentence is "extremely large or massive in size
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	Response: The sentence "Huge fire from broken gas main in the Marina in SF" refers to the event of a fire
senseval3.d002.s034.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gas main" in the given sentence is "a main that distributes gas."
senseval3.d002.s035.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "Areas" is "a subject of study." The
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fill" in the given sentence is "any material that fills a space or container."
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "liquefy" in the given sentence is "make (a solid substance)
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "woman" in the given sentence is "woman as a class." The woman
senseval3.d002.s036.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "three-story" in the given sentence is "being one more than two."
senseval3.d002.s036.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "apartment" in the given sentence is "suite of rooms usually on one floor
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "able" in the given sentence is "having the necessary means or skill or know
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "walk" in the given sentence is "accompany or escort."
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "window" in the given sentence is "a transparent panel (as of an envelope
senseval3.d002.s036.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "third" in the given sentence is "just before the fourth in position."
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	Response: The most suitable meaning for "floor" in the given sentence is "the lower inside surface of any hollow structure
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "street" refers to the part of a thoroughfare that is lined with buildings
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	Response: The most suitable meaning for "level" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continuum
senseval3.d002.s036.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "quake" in the given sentence is "shaking and vibration at the surface
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	Answer: The definition for "house" in the given sentence is "a building in which something is sheltered or located."
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	Answer: The definition for "ground" in the given sentence is "the solid part of the earth's surface."
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	Answer: The sentence "I was driving my truck, stopped at a red light at the corner of Shattuck and
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "truck" in the given sentence is "an automotive vehicle suitable for ha
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "stopped" refers to the temporary halt or stop of a state or activity,
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "red light" in the given sentence is "signal to stop." The phrase "red
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "corner" in the given sentence is "a small concavity."
senseval3.d002.s040.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "border" in the given sentence is "the boundary line or the area immediately inside the
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	Answer: Definition 5: Hit with a missile from a weaponIn this sentence, "hit" refers to
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "part" in the given sentence is "portion" as it refers to a specific
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	Answer: The sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away"
senseval3.d002.s041.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "power lines" in the given sentence is "cable used to distribute electricity
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	Answer: Definition 3: Twist or roll into coils or ringlets.
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away" suggests that
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	Response: The sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away"
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	Answer: Definition 1:The sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "ft." in the sentence "Was 300 ft. out on
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pier" in the given sentence is (architecture) a vertical supporting structure (as
senseval3.d002.s045.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flopped" in the given sentence is "fall utterly; collapse."
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dramatic" in the given sentence is "sensational in appearance or thrilling
senseval3.d002.s046.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Many" in the given sentence is "a large but indefinite number." The
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hairline" in the given sentence is "the natural margin formed by hair on
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "cracks" in the given sentence is "a sudden sharp noise."
senseval3.d002.s046.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "concrete" in the given sentence is "formed by the coalescence of
senseval3.d002.s046.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "slabs" in the given sentence is "a thin, flat piece of something."
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Ruined" in the given sentence is "reduce to ruins."
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damn" in the given sentence is expletives used informally as intens
senseval3.d002.s047.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fishing" in the given sentence is "the occupation of catching fish for a
senseval3.d002.s050.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rode" in the given sentence is "hang on during a trial of endurance
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	Answer: The correct meaning for "second" in the given sentence is "a part or voice or instrument or orchestra section
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	Response: The sentence "I rode it out on the second floor of Leo's at 55th and Telegraph
senseval3.d002.s050.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "55th" in the given sentence is "the 55th floor of
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "heard" in the given sentence is "examine or hear (evidence
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "parts" refers to the parts of a human artifact, which includes it. Therefore
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "building" in the given sentence is "the commercial activity involved in repairing old structures
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" refers to the sound of a building shaking or
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	Answer: The sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" refers to the sound of a cracking
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "thought" refers to the mental process of pondering, reflecting,
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "die" refers to the physical death of a person. Therefore, the most suitable
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "decide" in the given sentence is "bring to an end; settle
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	Answer: Definition 1: To reach a destination or arrive by movement or progress.
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "home" in the given sentence is "housing that someone is living in."
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "house" in the given sentence is "a building in which something is sheltered or
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stilts" in the given sentence is "one of two stout poles
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "decided" in the given sentence is "bring to an end; settle
senseval3.d002.s054.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "brave" in the given sentence is "withstand with courage."
senseval3.d002.s054.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "storm" in the given sentence is "a violent commotion or disturbance."
senseval3.d002.s055.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "horrible" in the given sentence is "causing intense and unpleasant
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smell" in the given sentence is "the general atmosphere of a place or situation
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "gas" refers to the state of matter distinguished from the solid and liquid states by
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	Answer: The sentence "There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the Chevron refinery before
senseval3.d002.s055.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "refinery" in the given sentence is "industrial plant for purifying a
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	Answer: The sentence "There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the Chevron refinery before
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	Answer: Definition 1: To perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight.
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "clouds" is "a visible mass of water or
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "bay" refers to the indentation of a shoreline larger than a c
senseval3.d002.s056.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "horrible" in the given sentence is "causing great fear or alarm."
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	Response: The sentence "I could also see the clouds across the bay from the horrible fire in the Marina District of San
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "felt" in the sentence means "to experience or perceive a physical,
senseval3.d002.s057.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "many" in the given sentence is "a large but indefinite number." The
senseval3.d002.s057.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "aftershocks" in the given sentence is "a series of tremors occurr
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "back" in the given sentence is "the posterior part of a human (or animal
senseval3.d002.s058.t001	Response: The sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking" suggests that the speaker is
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	Response: The sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking" suggests that the speaker is
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	Answer: The sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking" suggests that the speaker is
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "think" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershock
senseval3.d002.s059.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "few" in the given sentence is "a small but indefinite number."
senseval3.d002.s059.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "aftershocks" in the given sentence is "a series of tremors occurr
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "body" refers to the entire structure of an organism, which includes the entire
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	Answer: The sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just be my body shaking" suggests that
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	Answer: Definition 1: To perceive by sight or have the power to perceive by sight.
senseval3.d002.s062.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flames" in the given sentence is "the process of combustion of infl
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "house" in the given sentence is "a building in which something is sheltered or
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "bay" refers to the indentation of a shoreline larger than a c
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hard" in the given sentence is "very strong or vigorous" as it implies
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "believe" refers to having a faith or crediting with veracity. The
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "happening" refers to the fact that something is happening, without any intention
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Building" in the given sentence is "the commercial activity involved in repairing old
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "corner" in the given sentence is "a small concavity."
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the given sentence is "suffer or be susceptible to
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	Answer: The sentence "Building on the corner severely damaged, so an old lady and her very old mother are
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lady" in the given sentence is "a woman of the peerage in Britain
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	Answer: The sentence "Building on the corner severely damaged, so an old lady and her very old mother are
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mother" in the given sentence is "a term of address for an elderly
senseval3.d002.s066.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guest room" in the given sentence is "a bedroom that is kept for
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Books" in the given sentence is "a collection of playing cards satisfying the rules
senseval3.d002.s067.t001	Answer: Definition 1: Software is a set of instructions or programs that are stored in memory and can be executed by a
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "typed" in the given sentence is "identify as belonging to a certain type."
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "standing" in the given sentence is "an ordered listing of scores or results showing the relative
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "position" refers to the particular portion of space occupied by something, which is a
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird behavior," the
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	Response: The sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird behavior" suggests that the speaker did
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is "make or write a comment on."
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "strange" in the given sentence is "relating to or originating in or
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "bird" in this context is "informal terms
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird behavior" suggests
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Duck" in the given sentence is "flesh of a duck (dom
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "swarms" in the given sentence is "a group of many things in the
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "felt" in the sentence means "to experience or perceive a physical sens
senseval3.d002.s076.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "aftershock" in the given sentence is "a tremor (or one of
senseval3.d002.s076.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "few" in the given sentence is "a small but indefinite number."
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "seconds" refers to the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "numb" in the given sentence is "unresponsive." The word "num
senseval3.d002.s080.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Downtown" in the given sentence is "the central area or commercial center
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that's
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that's
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "town" in the given sentence is "an administrative division of a county."
senseval3.d002.s081.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minimal" in the given sentence is "the least possible."
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phones" in the given sentence is "electro-acoustic transdu
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mess" in the given sentence is "soft semiliquid food."
senseval3.d002.s081.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mayonnaise" in the given sentence is "a mixture of egg yolks
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wine" in the given sentence is "fermented juice (of g
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "floors" in the given sentence is "the lower inside surface of any h
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "big" in the given sentence is "significant" as it indicates a significant
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "old" in the given sentence is (used for emphasis) as it is used
senseval3.d002.s081.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "general store" in the given sentence is "a retail store serving a spars
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "quivers" in the given sentence is "case for holding arrows."
senseval3.d002.s082.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "move" in the given sentence is "change location" as it is used in the
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	Response: The definition of "house" in the given sentence is "a dwelling that serves as living quarters for one
senseval3.d002.s082.t003	The correct definition for "few" in the given sentence is a quantifier that can be used with count nouns
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the given sentence is "a unit of time equal to 6
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unpredictable" in the given sentence is "not occurring at expected times."
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "intervals" in the given sentence is "a set containing all points (or all
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mouse" in the given sentence is "person who is quiet or timid."
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "living" in the given sentence is "continue to live through hardship or advers
senseval3.d002.s082.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kitchen" in the given sentence is "a room equipped for preparing me
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The sentence "The quivers move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable intervals, and the mouse that's
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	Answer: The definition of "refuge" in the given sentence is "a safe place" or "something or someone turned
senseval3.d002.s082.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "desk" in the given sentence is "a piece of furniture with a writing
senseval3.d002.s083.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "runs out" refers to the fact that the speaker's energy and strength
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	Answer: The sentence "It runs out frantically now and then, and is clearly pretty distressed" suggests that
senseval3.d002.s084.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "quake" in the given sentence is "shaking and vibration at the surface
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "rolled" refers to the soft rounded shapes that occur in soft rounded shapes. Therefore
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "town" in the given sentence is "an administrative division of a county."
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	Response: The sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	Response: The sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	Response: The sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	Response: The sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "spent" refers to spending time in a specific way, as in "
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "next" in the given sentence is "nearest in space or position; immediately ad
senseval3.d002.s086.t006	The sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "minutes" refers to a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "watching" refers to being vigilant and attentive to what is
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "brick" in the given sentence is "a good fellow" as "brick
senseval3.d002.s086.t010	The sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	Response: The sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching
senseval3.d002.s086.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oozing" in the given sentence is "leak through or as if through
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flowers" in the given sentence is "reproductive organ of angiosperm
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	Response: Based on the given sentence, "waving" in this context means "moving or twisting in a w
senseval3.d002.s086.t015	The sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	Response: The most suitable meaning for "rhythm" in the given sentence is "the basic rhythmic unit in a
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Amazing" in the given sentence is "inspiring awe or adm
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	Response: The sentence "Amazing what it does to one's heart rate and one's short-term memory
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "one" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing." The sentence "
senseval3.d002.s087.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "heart rate" in the given sentence is "short-term memory." The sentence "
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "one" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing." The sentence "
senseval3.d002.s087.t005	Answer: The sentence "Amazing what it does to one's heart rate and one's short-term memory
senseval3.d002.s087.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "memory" in the given sentence is "the cognitive processes whereby past experience is
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "looked" in the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was this
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "calm" in the given sentence is "free from storm or wind." The word
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable meaning for "surreal" in the given sentence is "resembling a dream." The sentence "Every
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	Response: The sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was this surreal low level of confusion as the aftershock
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	Response: The correct definition for "level" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "confusion" refers to a mental state characterized by a lack of clear and
senseval3.d002.s088.t006	The correct definition for "aftershocks" in the given sentence is "a series of tremors occurring after the
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	Response: The sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was this surreal low level of confusion as the aftershock
senseval3.d002.s091.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medical center" in the given sentence is "medical facility" or "he
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Power is back on, and UCSF -LCB- medical center -
senseval3.d002.s091.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "quieted down" in the given sentence is "quiet." The sentence "
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Power is back on, and UCSF -LCB- medical center -
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	Response: According to the given text, "doing" in the sentence "Power is back on, and UCSF
senseval3.d002.s091.t005	The most suitable meaning for "triage" in the given sentence is "sorting and allocating aid on the basis of
senseval3.d002.s091.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parking lot" in the given sentence is "a place where cars are parked
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sound" in the given sentence is "the subjective sensation of hearing something."
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	Answer: Definition 5: spiritual awareness.
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "friend" in the given sentence is "an associate who provides cooperation or assistance."
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "underground" in the given sentence is "marked by hidden aims or methods
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "computer" in the given sentence is "an expert at calculation (or at operating
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	Answer: The sentence "A friend of mine was in an underground computer center in downtown SF when the quake
senseval3.d002.s092.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "downtown" in the given sentence is "the central area or commercial center
senseval3.d002.s092.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "quake" in the given sentence is "shaking and vibration at the surface
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	Answer: Definition 5: Hit with a missile from a weaponIn the given sentence, "A friend of
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "said" refers to the supposition that one of the computers took a three
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "computers" in the given sentence is "an expert at calculation (or at operating
senseval3.d002.s093.t002	The sentence "He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip sliding across the floor" uses the definition
senseval3.d002.s093.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "three-foot" in the given sentence is "being one more than two."
senseval3.d002.s093.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "trip" in the given sentence is "an accidental misstep threatening (or
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sliding" in the given sentence is "to pass or move unobtrus
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	Response: The sentence "He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip sliding across the floor" refers
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Today" in the given sentence is "the day that includes the present moment
senseval3.d002.s094.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "interesting" means "engaging, captivating, or exciting
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "realize" refers to the process of becoming aware of something or someone. Therefore
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hard" in the given sentence is "distilled rather than fermented; having
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be
senseval3.d002.s094.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "while" in the given sentence is "marked by some action or condition."
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	Response: The sentence "I got home, let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head, as if
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "home" is "housing that someone is living
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, "let the dogs into the house" means to allow or permit the dogs to enter
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "dogs" refers to the breed of domesticated canines that have been
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "house" refers to the members of a religious community living together.
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	Answer: The sentence "I got home, let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head, as if
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	Response: The most suitable meaning for "sounds" in the given sentence is "the subjective sensation of hearing something
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The sentence "I got home, let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head, as if someone were
senseval3.d002.s097.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "someone" in the given sentence is "human being" as it is the only
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "walking" refers to the act of walking on the ground, as opposed to
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "roof" in the given sentence is "the inner top surface of a covered area
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	Answer: The sentence "Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "car" refers to a motor vehicle with four wheels, usually propelled by
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	Answer: The sentence "Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it
senseval3.d002.s098.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "someone" in the given sentence is "human being." The sentence implies that someone
senseval3.d002.s098.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "jumping" refers to the sudden physical movement of the car as if someone
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "realized" means "to perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "happening" refers to the realization that something is happening and the sc
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "screamed" in the given sentence is "utter or declare in a very loud
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "house" refers to the members of a religious community living together.
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	Response: The most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the given sentence is "a member of the genus Canis (
senseval3.d002.s100.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Cupboard" in the given sentence is "small room (or recess)
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "doors" refers to the entrance (the space in a wall) through which
senseval3.d002.s100.t002	Answer: The sentence "Cupboard doors were flying, the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet, the
senseval3.d002.s100.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trash can" in the given sentence is "bin that holds rubbish until
senseval3.d002.s100.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kitchen" in the given sentence is "room equipped for preparing meals
senseval3.d002.s100.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "walked" in the given sentence is "accompany or escort."
senseval3.d002.s100.t006	The sentence "Cupboard doors were flying, the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet, the dogs came
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "feet" in the given sentence is "the part of the leg of a human
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "dogs" refers to the members of the genus Canis, which has been
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "came" in the given sentence is "arrive" as it means to come
senseval3.d002.s100.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scooted" in the given sentence is "move quickly and with great force."
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dog" in the given sentence is "a member of the genus Canis (pro
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	Answer: The sentence "Cupboard doors were flying, the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet, the
senseval3.d002.s100.t013	The most suitable meaning for "doorway" in the given sentence is "the entrance (the space in a wall) through
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	Answer: According to the given sentence, "watching" refers to being vigilant, careful, or attentive
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	Answer: The sentence "Cupboard doors were flying, the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet, the
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dance" in the given sentence is "move in a pattern; usually to musical
senseval3.d002.s100.t017	The most suitable meaning for "concrete" in the given sentence is "a strong, durable, and stable material made
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	Response: The sentence "When I realized it was over, I went and stood out in front of the house, waiting and
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	Answer: The sentence "When I realized it was over, I went and stood out in front of the house, waiting and
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	Answer: The sentence "When I realized it was over, I went and stood out in front of the house, waiting and
senseval3.d002.s101.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "in front" in the given sentence is "at or in the front."
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "house" refers to the members of a religious community living together.
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	Answer: The sentence "When I realized it was over, I went and stood out in front of the house, waiting and
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	Answer: In this sentence, "praying" refers to the act of calling upon a deity, a prophet
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "When I realized it was over, I went and stood out in front of the
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	Response: The sentence "When I realized it was over, I went and stood out in front of the house, waiting and
senseval3.d002.s101.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shivering" in the given sentence is "shake, as from cold."
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	Response: The sentence "When I realized it was over, I went and stood out in front of the house, waiting and
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	Response: The sentence "Never in my life have I been so frightened" refers to the experience of being alive,
senseval3.d002.s102.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "frightened" in the given sentence is "thrown into a state of inten
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "saw" in the sentence refers to the pictures of 880 and
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "pictures" refers to a visual representation of an object or scene or person or
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge, I
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cry" in the given sentence is "utter aloud; often with surprise,
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	Answer: The sentence "The Sunset -LCB- District -RCB- was more or less like a paj
senseval3.d002.s106.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "lots" in the given sentence is "a large number or amount or extent"
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	Answer: The definition for "dogs" in the sentence "The Sunset -LCB- District -RCB-
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "walking around" in the given sentence is "behave in a certain manner or
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drinking" in the given sentence is "be an alcoholic."
senseval3.d002.s106.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "beer" in the given sentence is "a general name for alcoholic be
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sitting down" in the given sentence is "be seated."
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "meet" refers to the social gathering of new therapy clients, a
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	Answer: The sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients, a couple, and the building
senseval3.d002.s109.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "therapy" in the given sentence is "medication or remedial training
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "clients" in the given sentence is "someone who pays for goods or services
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "couple" in the given sentence is "a pair of people who live together."
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	Answer: The building in the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients, a couple,
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	Answer: The sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients, a couple, and the building
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	Answer: The sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients, a couple, and the building
senseval3.d002.s109.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "like crazy" in the given sentence is "with great speed or effort or intensity
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flimsy" in the given sentence is "lacking solidity or strength."
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "structure" refers to the way in which something is constructed, which is a complex
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "built" in the sentence "It's a flimsy structure, built
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	Answer: The definition of "supports" in the given sentence is "a military operation (often involving new supplies of
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rocking" in the given sentence is "move back and forth or sideways."
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	Response: The sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment, and then when it kept on coming we lung
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	Answer: The sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment, and then when it kept on coming we lung
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "moment" in the given sentence is "an indefinitely short time." The
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	Answer: The definition of "kept" in the given sentence is "to hold or prevent from leaving" or "to
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	Answer: Definition 1: To arrive at a destination or reach a state of being.
senseval3.d002.s111.t005	The correct definition for "lunged" in the given sentence is "make a thrusting forward movement."
senseval3.d002.s111.t006	The correct definition for "doorway" in the given sentence is "the space that a door can close."
senseval3.d002.s112.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Needless" in the given sentence is "unnecessary and unwarranted."
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "needless to say" means "express in words" or "report or maintain
senseval3.d002.s112.t002	Answer: The sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first session!" refers to the fact that the session
senseval3.d002.s112.t003	Answer: The sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first session!" refers to the fact that it was
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	Answer: The sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first session!" refers to a meeting for the execution
senseval3.d002.s115.t000	Answer: The sentence "Albany escaped embarrassingly unscathed" suggests that Albany did not experience any embar
senseval3.d002.s115.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unscathed" in the given sentence is "not injured."
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the given sentence is "an event causing distress or pain."
senseval3.d002.s116.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "scared" in the given sentence is "to cause to lose courage."
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	Answer: The sentence "Biggest trouble was scared family who could not get a phone line through, and spent a really
senseval3.d002.s116.t003	Answer: The sentence "Biggest trouble was scared family who couldn't get a phone line through, and spent
senseval3.d002.s116.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phone line" in the given sentence is "telephone connection."
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "spent" in the given sentence is "pay out."
senseval3.d002.s116.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "horrible" in the given sentence is "provoking horror" as it describes the
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "hour" in the given sentence is "a period of time equal to 1/2
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	Answer: The sentence "Biggest trouble was scared family who could not get a phone line through, and spent a really
senseval3.d002.s119.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "back yard" in the given sentence is "the grounds in back of a house."
senseval3.d002.s119.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lawn" in the given sentence is "a field of cultivated and mowed
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "started" refers to the action of rolling like ocean waves in the backyard
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	Answer: Definition 5: Rolling is the process of arranging or coiling around.
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ocean" in the given sentence is "a large body of water constituting
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "waves" refers to the undulating movement of the lawn, which is
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	Response: The sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame, but the next tremor threw me in the air
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "house" refers to the members of a religious community living together.
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	Response: The sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame, but the next tremor threw me in the air
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "next" in the given sentence is "nearest in space or position; immediately ad
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tremor" in the given sentence is "shaking or trembling (us
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	Answer: Definition 5: To put or send forth.
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "air" in the given sentence is "a mixture of gases (especially o
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	Answer: The sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame, but the next tremor threw me in the air
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	Answer: The sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame, but the next tremor threw me in the air
senseval3.d002.s120.t009	Response: The sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame, but the next tremor threw me in the air
senseval3.d002.s120.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "feet" in the given sentence is "the lower part of anything."
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "We are all fine here, although Mame was extremely freaked" suggests that
senseval3.d002.s121.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "freaked" in the given sentence is "lose one's nerve."
senseval3.d002.s122.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Kitchen" in the given sentence is "a room equipped for preparing me
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "full" in the given sentence is "constituting the full quantity or extent;
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Kitchen full of broken crystal" refers to a kitchen that has a highly
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Books" in the given sentence is "a collection of playing cards satisfying the rules
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tapes" in the given sentence is "a recording made on magnetic tape."
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "room" in the given sentence is "space for movement."
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	Response: The correct definition for "thing" in the given sentence is "an abstract concept or object that is not named specifically
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	Response: The sentence "Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be, but the structure is fine"
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	Response: The correct definition for "structure" in the given sentence is "the manner of construction of something and the arrangement of
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be, but the
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	Answer: The sentence "While I was standing on the lawn with Mame, waiting for another tremor, I
senseval3.d002.s125.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lawn" in the given sentence is "a field of cultivated and mowed
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	Answer: The sentence "While I was standing on the lawn with Mame, waiting for another tremor, I
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tremor" in the given sentence is "shaking or trembling (us
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	Answer: The sentence "While I was standing on the lawn with Mame, waiting for another tremor, I
senseval3.d002.s125.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "earthworms" in the given sentence is "bait by anglers
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	Answer: The sentence "While I was standing on the lawn with Mame, waiting for another tremor, I
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	Answer: Definition 5: The part of a scene (or picture) that lies behind objects in the foreground.
senseval3.d002.s125.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "slithering" in the given sentence is "to pass or move unobtr
senseval3.d002.s125.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lawn" in the given sentence is "a field of cultivated and mowed
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "amazing" in the given sentence is "inspiring awe or adm
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "second" refers to the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "change" in the following sentence refers to a transformation or a change in essence
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	Response: The sentence "It's amazing how one second can so completely change your life" suggests that the experience of
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "guess" in this context means "put forward a guess or an estimate"
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "living" in the sentence means "being an inhabitant of"
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "waiting" in this context means "anticipating or expecting something" or
senseval3.d002.s131.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "aftershock" refers to a series of earthquakes that occur after the
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hard" in the given sentence is "very strong or vigorous."
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "It's hard to accept that it's over and only took 1
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	Response: The sentence "It's hard to accept that it's over and only took 15 seconds" suggests
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "seconds" refers to the time it took to complete the task of accepting that it
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wonder" in the given sentence is "place in doubt or express doubtful spec
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "able" in the sentence "I wonder when we 'll be able to relax
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "relax" refers to the state of being less tense, rest, or loose
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Flesh" in the given sentence is "alternative names for the body of a
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "goes" in the given sentence is "to be spent" as it is a
senseval3.d002.s136.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "total" in the given sentence is "a quantity obtained by the addition of a group
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flight" in the given sentence is "an instance of traveling by air."
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fight" in the given sentence is "an intense verbal dispute."
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Nausea" in the given sentence is "disgust so strong it makes
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seems" is a commonplace symptom. Therefore, the most suitable meaning
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "commonplace" in the given sentence is "not challenging; dull and lack
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	Answer: (medicine) any sensation or change in bodily function that is experienced by a patient and is associated
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	Answer: The sentence "Berkeley very quiet right now" refers to the current state of the city of Berkeley, California
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "walked" means to accompany or escort someone or something by walking.
senseval3.d002.s139.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "few" in the given sentence is "a small but indefinite number."
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the given sentence is "a unit of time equal to 6
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "morning" in the given sentence is "the earliest period."
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Next" in the given sentence is "nearest in space or position; immediately ad
senseval3.d002.s140.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "homeless" in the given sentence is "physically or spiritually homeless or
senseval3.d002.s140.t002	Answer: The sentence "Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple, bundled into a blue sleeping bag,
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	Answer: The sentence "Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple, bundled into a blue sleeping bag,
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	Answer: The sentence "Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple, bundled into a blue sleeping bag,
senseval3.d002.s140.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sleeping bag" in the given sentence is "large padded bag designed to be
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sat up" in the given sentence is "change to an upright sitting
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	Answer: The sentence "Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple, bundled into a blue sleeping bag,
senseval3.d002.s140.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Good morning" in the given sentence is "conventional expression of greeting or
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "woman" in the given sentence is "wife or mistress or girlfriend
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "smiled" in the given sentence is "express with a smile." The sentence "
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	Answer: The sentence "Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple, bundled into a blue sleeping bag,
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "great" in the given sentence is "remarkable or out of the ordinary in
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	Answer: The sentence "Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple, bundled into a blue sleeping bag,
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "agreed" means "be in accord" or "be in agreement".
semeval2007.d000.s000.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "referred" in the given sentence is "be relevant to" or "think of
semeval2007.d000.s000.t001	Answer: The definition for "research" in the sentence "Your Oct. 6 editorial 'The Ill Homeless
semeval2007.d000.s000.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "reported" in the given sentence is "announce as the result of an investigation or
semeval2007.d000.s001.t000	Answer: The sentence "Your comments implied we had discovered that the " principal cause " of homelessness is to be
semeval2007.d000.s001.t001	Answer: The sentence "Your comments implied we had discovered that the " principal cause " of homelessness is to be
semeval2007.d000.s001.t002	Answer: The sentence "Your comments implied we had discovered that the " principal cause " of homelessness is to be
semeval2007.d000.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cause" in the given sentence is "a justification for something existing or happening
semeval2007.d000.s001.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "found" in the sentence "Your comments implied we had discovered that the "
semeval2007.d000.s002.t000	Response: The sentence "We have made no such statement" refers to the fact that there is no statement made about the company
semeval2007.d000.s002.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "statement" refers to a nonverbal message that is presented as part of a
semeval2007.d000.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "become" in the given sentence is "enhance the appearance of."
semeval2007.d000.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "causes" in the given sentence is "a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2007.d000.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "understood" in the given sentence is "understand" as it is the correct
semeval2007.d000.s005.t000	Answer: In quoting from our research, you emphasized the high prevalance of mental illness and alcoholism
semeval2007.d000.s005.t001	Answer: To emphasize or stress something is to give extra weight to it or to make it stand out. In quoting
semeval2007.d000.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "note" in the given sentence is "make a written note of."
semeval2007.d000.s006.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
semeval2007.d000.s006.t002	Answer: The sentence "You did not note that the homeless people we examined had a multitude of physical disorders
semeval2007.d000.s006.t003	Answer: The sentence "You did not note that the homeless people we examined had a multitude of physical disorders
semeval2007.d000.s006.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "multitude" in the given sentence is "a large gathering of people."
semeval2007.d000.s007.t000	Answer: The sentence "They suffered from malnutrition, chest diseases, cardiovascular disorders
semeval2007.d000.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
semeval2007.d000.s008.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lack" in the given sentence is "be without." The sentence "Homeless people
semeval2007.d000.s008.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shelter" in the following sentence is "the condition of being protected from danger and
semeval2007.d000.s008.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lack" in the given sentence is "be without." The sentence "Homeless people
semeval2007.d000.s008.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "necessities" in the given sentence is "basic health care." The sentence "Hom
semeval2007.d000.s009.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "pointed out" in the given sentence is "make or write a comment on carefully and
semeval2007.d000.s009.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "problems" is "source of difficulty." The report
semeval2007.d000.s009.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "predispose" refers to the condition or state that makes someone more likely to
semeval2007.d000.s009.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "person" in the following sentence is "a human body
semeval2007.d000.s009.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "category" in the given sentence is "disorder" as it is a general concept
semeval2007.d000.s009.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "composed" in the given sentence is "put together out of existing material."
semeval2007.d000.s009.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lacks" in the given sentence is "be without." The sentence "In a
semeval2007.d000.s009.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shelter" in the given sentence is "a structure that provides privacy and protection
semeval2007.d000.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "interactions" in the given sentence is "mediated by gauge bosons."
semeval2007.d000.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defying" in the given sentence is "elude, especially in a baff
semeval2007.d000.s010.t002	Answer: The sentence "The interactions between health and homelessness are complex, defying sweeping generalizations as to '
semeval2007.d000.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "look to" in the given sentence is "be excited or anxious about."
semeval2007.d000.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "preventing" in the given sentence is "make impossible" as it means to stop
semeval2007.d000.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "require" in the given sentence is "have need of." The sentence requires us to
semeval2007.d000.s012.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "develop" in this context means "to make something new, such as a product
semeval2007.d000.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "understanding" in the given sentence is "an understanding that can be developed only through
semeval2007.d000.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "possess" in the given sentence is "enter into and control, as of emot
semeval2007.d000.s012.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "developed" in the sentence means "to make something new, such as a
semeval2007.d000.s014.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "study" in the following sentence refers to a detailed critical inspection, applying
semeval2007.d000.s014.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "A study by Tulane Prof. James Wright says homelessness is due to
semeval2007.d000.s015.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "study" in the given sentence is "a detailed critical inspection" as it
semeval2007.d000.s015.t001	Response: The definition for "shows" in the sentence "The study shows that nearly 40% of the hom
semeval2007.d000.s015.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "made up" in the given sentence is "devise or compose."
semeval2007.d000.s015.t003	Answer: The definition for "exhibits" in the given sentence is "to show an attribute, property, knowledge,
semeval2007.d000.s015.t004	Response: The correct definition for "combination" in the given sentence is "a coordinated sequence of chess moves
semeval2007.d000.s016.t000	According to Dr. Wright, homelessness is a combination of housing, employment, demographic, social disaff
semeval2007.d000.s016.t001	According to Dr. Wright, homelessness is a combination of housing, employment, demographic, social disaff
semeval2007.d000.s016.t002	According to Dr. Wright, homelessness is a combination of housing, employment, demographic, social disaff
semeval2007.d000.s016.t003	According to Dr. Wright, homelessness is a combination of housing, employment, demographic, social disaff
semeval2007.d000.s016.t004	According to Dr. Wright, homelessness is a combination of housing, employment, demographic, social disaff
semeval2007.d000.s016.t005	According to Dr. Wright, homelessness is a combination of housing, employment, demographic, social disaff
semeval2007.d000.s018.t000	Answer: To quote the highly regarded director of a privately funded drop-in center for the homeless in New York
semeval2007.d000.s018.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "director" in the given sentence is "someone who supervises the actors and
semeval2007.d000.s018.t002	Answer: The sentence "To quote the highly regarded director of a privately funded drop-in center for the homeless
semeval2007.d000.s018.t003	Answer: To quote the highly regarded director of a privately funded drop-in center for the homeless in New York
semeval2007.d000.s018.t004	Answer: To quote the highly regarded director of a privately funded drop-in center for the homeless in New York
semeval2007.d000.s019.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fend" in the given sentence is "to stand up for oneself, to
semeval2007.d000.s020.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "Some of the homeless, obviously, had pre-existing mental illness
semeval2007.d000.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "addiction" in the given sentence is "being abnormally tolerant to
semeval2007.d000.s021.t000	Response: The sentence "But many others have fallen through cracks in the economy into the grim, brutal world of
semeval2007.d000.s024.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dismiss" in the given sentence is "terminate the employment of" as
semeval2007.d000.s024.t001	Response: The sentence "You dismiss as'sentimental' the view that the reduction of federal housing-assistance programs
semeval2007.d000.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reduction" in the given sentence is "the act of decreasing or reducing something
semeval2007.d000.s024.t003	Response: According to the given text, "played" refers to the act of playing a musical instrument or engaging in
semeval2007.d000.s024.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "role" refers to the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a
semeval2007.d000.s024.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "number" in the following sentence is "short theatr
semeval2007.d000.s024.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "women" in the sentence "You dismiss as'sentimental' the view
semeval2007.d000.s025.t000	Answer: The sentence "There is no sign that you bothered to consider the inverse of your logic: namely, that mental
semeval2007.d000.s025.t001	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) deem to be2) give careful consideration to
semeval2007.d000.s026.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "research" in the given sentence is "a search for knowledge."
semeval2007.d000.s026.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "stopped" refers to the point at which a research project came to a halt
semeval2007.d000.s026.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "assertion" in the given sentence is the act of affirming or asserting
semeval2007.d000.s026.t003	Response: The sentence "Your research stopped when a convenient assertion could be made" refers to the fact that the research was not
semeval2007.d000.s028.t000	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "march" in the sentence "Of the approximately
semeval2007.d000.s028.t001	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "chose" in the sentence "Of the approximately
semeval2007.d000.s028.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "cite" in the following sentence is "advance evidence
semeval2007.d000.s028.t003	Response: According to the given text, "groups" in the sentence refers to the approximately 200 sponsors of
semeval2007.d000.s028.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "insinuating" in the given sentence is "giving to understand subtly or indirect
semeval2007.d000.s028.t005	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "got" in the sentence "Of the approximately 2
semeval2007.d000.s028.t006	Response: According to the given material, the sentence "Of the approximately 200 sponsors of the recent march in
semeval2007.d000.s028.t007	Response: According to the given material, the sentence "Of the approximately 200 sponsors of the recent march in
semeval2007.d000.s028.t008	Response: The correct definition for "thing" in the given sentence is "an entity that is not named specifically."
semeval2007.d000.s028.t009	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "see" in the sentence "Of the approximately 2
semeval2007.d000.s028.t010	Response: According to the given material, the sentence "Of the approximately 200 sponsors of the recent march in
semeval2007.d000.s028.t011	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "based" in the following sentence is "found on"
semeval2007.d000.s029.t000	Response: The sentence "But isn't the desire for profit the driving force behind those who subscribe to, and
semeval2007.d000.s029.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "subscribe" refers to the desire for profit as the driving force behind those who sub
semeval2007.d000.s029.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advertise" in the given sentence is "make publicity for; try to
semeval2007.d000.s030.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mention" in the given sentence is "commend."
semeval2007.d000.s030.t001	Response: The sentence "Why didn't you mention the YMCA or the YWCA or Catholic Charities
semeval2007.d000.s030.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "participated" in the given sentence is "become a participant; be
semeval2007.d000.s031.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "homeless" in the given sentence is "poor people who unfortunately do not have
semeval2007.d000.s031.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "underwent" in the given sentence is "pass through."
semeval2007.d000.s031.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, "As for the findings on the 203 Baltimore homeless who under
semeval2007.d000.s031.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "As for the findings on the 203 Baltimore homeless who under
semeval2007.d000.s031.t004	Response: Based on the given sentence, "As for the findings on the 203 Baltimore homeless who under
semeval2007.d000.s031.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "survey" in the given sentence is "a detailed critical inspection."
semeval2007.d000.s032.t000	Answer: Choose 203 business executives, including, perhaps, someone from your own staff, and put them
semeval2007.d000.s032.t001	Answer: The sentence "Choose 203 business executives, including, perhaps, someone from your own staff,
semeval2007.d000.s032.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "including" refers to including 203 business executives, including, perhaps
semeval2007.d000.s032.t003	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) put into a certain place or abstract location- to place
semeval2007.d000.s032.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "deprived" in the given sentence is "to take away possessions from someone
semeval2007.d000.s033.t000	Answer: Predict means to indicate by signs that something will happen or be the case in the future. In the given sentence
semeval2007.d000.s033.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "find" is used in the context of "finding Thunderbird a satisf
semeval2007.d000.s033.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "increase" refers to an increase in the number or amount of something.
semeval2007.d001.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "account" in the sentence "Feeding Frenzy" (Henry Holt
semeval2007.d001.s000.t001	Answer: The definition of "begins" in the sentence "Feeding Frenzy" (Henry Holt,
semeval2007.d001.s001.t000	Question: Select the most suitable definition for "gives" in the given text: Right up front in the preface,
semeval2007.d001.s001.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "example" in the given sentence is "an item of information that is typical of a class
semeval2007.d001.s002.t000	Answer: The sentence "When offered a free trip from the Bronx, Wedtech's home, to Washington, D
semeval2007.d001.s002.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "trip" in the given sentence is "a journey for some purpose (usually including
semeval2007.d001.s002.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "tells" refers to the act of giving instructions or directing someone to do
semeval2007.d001.s002.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "reader" in the given sentence is "a person who enjoys reading."
semeval2007.d001.s002.t004	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "accepting" in the sentence "When offered a free
semeval2007.d001.s002.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "writing about" in the given sentence is "to write about a particular topic."
semeval2007.d001.s002.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "declined" in the given sentence is "show unwillingness towards."
semeval2007.d001.s003.t000	Answer: The sentence "Any question as to why an author would believe this plaintive, high-minded note of
semeval2007.d001.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "author" in the given sentence is "someone who originates or causes or initi
semeval2007.d001.s003.t002	Answer: The sentence "Any question as to why an author would believe this plaintive, high-minded note of
semeval2007.d001.s003.t003	Response: The sentence "Any question as to why an author would believe this plaintive, high-minded note of
semeval2007.d001.s003.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "reading" in this context refers to the act of interpreting the meaning or significance
semeval2007.d001.s003.t005	Answer: The definition of "book" in the given sentence is a physical object consisting of a number of pages bound together.
semeval2007.d001.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lead" in the given sentence is "preside over."
semeval2007.d001.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "path" in the given sentence is "a line or route along which something travels
semeval2007.d001.s004.t002	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) undertake a journey or trip2) make a trip
semeval2007.d001.s004.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "company" in the given sentence is "social gathering of guests or companions."
semeval2007.d001.s004.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contractor" in the given sentence is "a party to a contract."
semeval2007.d001.s004.t005	Answer: According to the given text, "entrusted" in the sentence "Bribe by bribe, Mr
semeval2007.d001.s004.t006	Answer: According to the given text, "producing" in the sentence "Bribe by bribe, Mr
semeval2007.d001.s005.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "book" in the given sentence is "a compilation of the known facts regarding something or
semeval2007.d001.s005.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "revolves around" in the given sentence is "move around in a circular motion
semeval2007.d001.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "became" in the given sentence is "enhance the appearance of."
semeval2007.d001.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "partner" in the following sentence is "an associate in an activity or endeavor
semeval2007.d001.s006.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "started" in the sentence "Although started in 1965
semeval2007.d001.s006.t001	Response: According to the given text, "get" in the sentence "Although started in 1965,
semeval2007.d001.s006.t002	Response: According to the given text, "Although started in 1965, Wedtech did not really get
semeval2007.d001.s006.t003	Answer: According to the given text, "discovered" in the sentence "Although started in 196
semeval2007.d001.s006.t004	Response: According to the given text, "program" in the sentence "Although started in 1965,
semeval2007.d001.s007.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "creation" in the given sentence is "the act of starting something for the first time
semeval2007.d001.s007.t001	Answer: The sentence "This is a Johnson-era, Great Society creation that mandates certain government contracts be awarded non
semeval2007.d001.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contracts" in the given sentence is (contract bridge).
semeval2007.d001.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "awarded" in the given sentence is "given as judged due or
semeval2007.d001.s008.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "realized" means "to perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
semeval2007.d001.s008.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "qualify" means "make fit or prepared for a specific purpose or condition."
semeval2007.d001.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "partners" in the given sentence is "an associate in an activity or endeavor
semeval2007.d001.s009.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "had" in the sentence "The two partners merely had to falsify the
semeval2007.d001.s009.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "falsify" in the given sentence is "to make false by mutilation or
semeval2007.d001.s009.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "ownership" in the given sentence is "the act of having and controlling property."
semeval2007.d001.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "became" in the given sentence is "enhance the appearance of." The
semeval2007.d001.s011.t000	Answer: Based on the given sentence, "Besides being a'minority-owned company' Wedtech was
semeval2007.d001.s011.t001	Answer: The sentence "Besides being a " minority-owned company " Wedtech was located in the South Bron
semeval2007.d001.s011.t002	The sentence "Besides being a "minority-owned company" Wedtech was located in the South Bronx
semeval2007.d001.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence is "small military unit; usually two or three pl
semeval2007.d001.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rebuilding" in the given sentence is "build again."
semeval2007.d001.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kept" in the given sentence is "to have as a supply" as it
semeval2007.d001.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "using" in the given sentence is "habitually do something (use only in
semeval2007.d001.s012.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "angle" in the given sentence is "member of a Germanic people who conquered
semeval2007.d001.s013.t000	Answer: The sentence "Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi now serving a jail sentence, the company began a career
semeval2007.d001.s013.t001	Answer: Definition 1: serving a purpose, role, or functionIn the sentence "Starting with Congressman
semeval2007.d001.s013.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sentence" in the given sentence is "final judgment of guilty in a criminal case
semeval2007.d001.s013.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "company" in the given sentence is "small military unit; usually two or three pl
semeval2007.d001.s013.t004	Answer: The sentence "Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi now serving a jail sentence, the company began a career
semeval2007.d001.s013.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "career" in the given sentence is "general progression of one's working
semeval2007.d001.s013.t006	The sentence "Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi now serving a jail sentence, the company began a career of b
semeval2007.d001.s013.t007	Answer: According to the given text, "officials" refers to those who hold or are invested with an office
semeval2007.d001.s013.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "including" in the given sentence is "allow participation in or the right to be part
semeval2007.d001.s014.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "use" in the following sentence refers to the use of bribery,
semeval2007.d001.s015.t000	Response: The sentence "It made ample use of the modern techniques of influence peddling, retaining politically connected
semeval2007.d001.s015.t001	Response: The sentence "It made ample use of the modern techniques of influence peddling, retaining politically connected
semeval2007.d001.s015.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "retaining" means to keep in mind or to keep in a position or place
semeval2007.d001.s015.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "including" means "being included in or part of something else." The sentence
semeval2007.d001.s016.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sought" in the given sentence is "inquire for."
semeval2007.d001.s016.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" in this context refers to the organized crime seeking and receiving assistance from
semeval2007.d001.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "assistance" in the given sentence is "a resource." The sentence refers to the
semeval2007.d001.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "became" in the given sentence is "enhance the appearance of."
semeval2007.d001.s017.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "partners" in the given sentence is "an associate in an activity or endeavor
semeval2007.d001.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "management" in the given sentence is "those in charge of running a business."
semeval2007.d001.s018.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" in the following sentence refers to the merit system, which is a
semeval2007.d001.s018.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "system" in this context refers to a group of interrelated interacting artifacts
semeval2007.d001.s019.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" in this context refers to the equity that is received in a
semeval2007.d001.s019.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "equity" in the given sentence is "conformity with rules or standards."
semeval2007.d001.s020.t000	Answer: Definition 1: If you were not an effective crook, you found yourself out in the cold, a fate
semeval2007.d001.s020.t001	Answer: The sentence "If you were not an effective crook, you found yourself out in the cold, a fate that
semeval2007.d001.s020.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "befell" in the given sentence is "happen, occur, or be
semeval2007.d001.s020.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "person" in the given sentence is "a human body (usually including the cl
semeval2007.d001.s021.t000	Answer: Fail to meet (expectations or standards)Based on the given sentence: Despite the sensational nature
semeval2007.d001.s022.t000	Response: The sentence "None of the scams show much ingenuity" refers to the fact that the auditors found
semeval2007.d001.s022.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ingenuity" in the given sentence is "the property of being ingenious."
semeval2007.d001.s022.t002	Answer: Definition 1:1) come upon, as if by accident; meet withExample: The
semeval2007.d001.s023.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bribed" in the given sentence is "make illegal payments to in exchange
semeval2007.d001.s023.t001	Answer: The sentence "Wedtech's scammers simply bribed them to shut up" refers to the
semeval2007.d001.s024.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "wanted" in the given sentence is "hunt or look for; want for a
semeval2007.d001.s024.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "clothes" in the given sentence is "clothing in general." The sc
semeval2007.d001.s025.t000	Answer: Among the lot of them, not one is wrestling with good and evil, or especially intelligent or even tempor
semeval2007.d001.s026.t000	Answer: The definition of "changed" in the given sentence is "to undergo a change; become different in essence
semeval2007.d001.s026.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "name" in the following sentence is "a person's reputation."
semeval2007.d001.s026.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "became" in the given sentence is "enhance the appearance of."
semeval2007.d001.s026.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "author" in the given sentence is "someone who originates or causes or initi
semeval2007.d001.s027.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "enters" in the given sentence is "to come or go into."
semeval2007.d001.s027.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "get" in the given sentence is "to cause to move; cause to be in
semeval2007.d001.s027.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arrested" in the given sentence is "hold back, as of a danger or
semeval2007.d001.s028.t000	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) take up mentally2) take up, as of
semeval2007.d001.s028.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "authors" in the given sentence is "someone who originates or causes or
semeval2007.d001.s028.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "gloss over" in the given sentence is "to cover up or hide something."
semeval2007.d001.s028.t003	Answer: The sentence "Absorbed in doling out 'Feeding Frenzy's'tidbits,
semeval2007.d001.s028.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scandal" in the following sentence is "a disgraceful event." The
semeval2007.d001.s028.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "took place" in the given sentence is "to occur or come about." The
semeval2007.d001.s029.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "come around" refers to the process of changing one's position or opinion.
semeval2007.d001.s029.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "saying" refers to the supposition that the courts might want to end "
semeval2007.d001.s029.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "courts" refers to a room in which a lawcourt sits.
semeval2007.d001.s029.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "want" in the given sentence is "have need of."
semeval2007.d001.s029.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "end" in the given sentence is "put an end to."
semeval2007.d001.s029.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "programs" in the given sentence is "a series of steps to be carried out or
semeval2007.d001.s030.t000	Answer: Definition 1: Going away from a place or leaving something behind intentionally or by neglect or forgetfulness
semeval2007.d001.s030.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gold" in the given sentence is "a soft yellow malleable duct
semeval2007.d001.s030.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Programs like Section 8 A are a little like leaving gold in the street
semeval2007.d001.s030.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "surprise" in the given sentence is "the act of surprising someone."
semeval2007.d001.s030.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "walk" in the given sentence is "accompany or escort" as it is
semeval2007.d001.s030.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scoop" in the given sentence is "get the better of."
semeval2007.d001.s031.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ones" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing." The sentence "
semeval2007.d001.s031.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "Numerous other scandals, among them the ones at HUD,
semeval2007.d001.s031.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "characteristics" in the given sentence is "a distinguishing quality" as it is
semeval2007.d001.s032.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "take place" in the given sentence is "come to pass."
semeval2007.d001.s032.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "programs" in this context refers to a series of steps or goals that are
semeval2007.d001.s032.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seem" in this context means "appear to one's own mind
semeval2007.d001.s033.t000	Response: According to the given text, "programs like this" refers to a series of steps or goals that are intended
semeval2007.d001.s033.t001	Response: The sentence "Why are programs like this not eliminated?" refers to the fact that programs like this are still being
semeval2007.d001.s034.t000	Answer: The sentence "Feeding Frenzy" does not provide any clues about the meaning of "provide".
semeval2007.d001.s034.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "clues" in the sentence "Feeding Frenzy" is "evidence
semeval2007.d001.s035.t000	Answer: In and around all levels of government in the U.S. Are groups of people who can best be described as
semeval2007.d001.s035.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
semeval2007.d001.s035.t002	Answer: In and around all levels of government in the U.S. Are groups of people who can best be described as
semeval2007.d001.s035.t003	Answer: In and around all levels of government in the U.S. Are groups of people who can best be described as
semeval2007.d001.s036.t000	Answer: The sentence "They know that whenever government is redistributing wealth, regulating commerce or maintaining a large
semeval2007.d001.s036.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "government" in the given sentence is "the act of governing; exer
semeval2007.d001.s036.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "redistributing" in the given sentence is "distribute anew." The
semeval2007.d001.s036.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wealth" in the given sentence is "property that has economic utility."
semeval2007.d001.s036.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "regulating" refers to influencing, brokering, or selling the
semeval2007.d001.s036.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "commerce" in the given sentence is "social exchange, especially of opinions, attitudes
semeval2007.d001.s036.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "maintaining" refers to keeping a process or activity in a certain state,
semeval2007.d001.s036.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "establishment" in the given sentence is "the process of establishing a
semeval2007.d001.s036.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "money" in the given sentence is "the official currency issued by a government or
semeval2007.d001.s036.t009	Response: The sentence "They know that whenever government is redistributing wealth, regulating commerce or maintaining a large
semeval2007.d001.s036.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "influencing" refers to the process of shaping or inducing action by
semeval2007.d001.s036.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "brokering" in the given sentence is "act as a broker."
semeval2007.d001.s036.t012	Answer: The correct definition for "decisions" in the given sentence is "the act of making up your mind about
semeval2007.d001.s037.t000	Response: The sentence "They are our version of the East bloc's Nomenklatura and they have absolutely no
semeval2007.d001.s037.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wish" in the given sentence is "expression of some desire or inclination."
semeval2007.d001.s037.t002	Answer: Definition 1:The sentence "They are our version of the East bloc's Nomenklatura
semeval2007.d001.s037.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "change" in this context refers to the term "Nomenklatura" in
semeval2007.d001.s038.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "exist" in the given sentence is "support oneself."
semeval2007.d001.s038.t001	Response: The sentence "How many government programs and policies exist because they line the pockets of political insiders?" refers to
semeval2007.d001.s038.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pockets" in the given sentence is (bowling) the space between the head
semeval2007.d001.s039.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "issue" refers to the act of providing supplies (as food or clothing or
semeval2007.d001.s039.t001	Answer: The sentence "This is the real issue raised by the Wedtech scandal" refers to the Wedtech scandal
semeval2007.d002.s000.t000	Answer: In the given sentence, "reach" refers to the act of communicating with someone or establishing communication with
semeval2007.d002.s000.t001	Answer: The sentence "I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned
semeval2007.d002.s000.t002	Answer: The sentence "I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned
semeval2007.d002.s000.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wanted" in the given sentence is "hunt or look for; want for
semeval2007.d002.s000.t004	Answer: The sentence "I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned
semeval2007.d002.s001.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "read" in the sentence "I was a last-minute read interlop
semeval2007.d002.s001.t001	Answer: The sentence "I was a last-minute read interloping attendee at a French journalism
semeval2007.d002.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence is "a male subordinate."
semeval2007.d002.s002.t001	Answer: The definition of "represented" in the given sentence is "to serve as a means of expressing something
semeval2007.d002.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attempt" in the given sentence is "the act of attacking."
semeval2007.d002.s002.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "introduce" in the given sentence is "be a precursor of."
semeval2007.d002.s002.t004	Answer: The definition for "bit" in the given sentence is "a small piece or quantity of something."
semeval2007.d002.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "embody" in the given sentence is "represent or express something abstract in tang
semeval2007.d002.s003.t001	Answer: The sentence "But as the French embody a Zen-like state of blase when it comes to athlet
semeval2007.d002.s003.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "comes to" in the given sentence is "return to consciousness."
semeval2007.d002.s003.t003	Answer: The sentence "But as the French embody a Zen-like state of blase when it comes to athlet
semeval2007.d002.s003.t004	Answer: Definition 1:To find something or somebody after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study
semeval2007.d002.s003.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "machine" in the given sentence is "an efficient person."
semeval2007.d002.s003.t006	Response: According to the given text, "having" in the sentence "But as the French embody a Zen
semeval2007.d002.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "diners" in the given sentence is "a passenger car where food is served in
semeval2007.d002.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lit" in the sentence "The diners at my table simply lit more Gaulo
semeval2007.d002.s004.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scoffed" in the given sentence is "treat with contemptuous
semeval2007.d002.s004.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "interrupting" in the given sentence is "terminate." The phrase "inter
semeval2007.d002.s004.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "morning" in the given sentence is "the earliest period."
semeval2007.d002.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wins" in the given sentence is "attain success or reach a desired goal
semeval2007.d002.s005.t001	Response: According to the given text, "responses" refers to the manner in which an electrical or mechanical device respond
semeval2007.d002.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ballooning" in the given sentence is "become inflated."
semeval2007.d002.s008.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "seems" in this context means "appear to one's own mind
semeval2007.d002.s008.t001	Answer: According to the given text, "followed" in the sentence "Americans it seems have followed Malcolm
semeval2007.d002.s008.t002	Answer: Definition 1: An advantage held by a competitor in a race.Correct answer: Definition
semeval2007.d002.s008.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "taken to" refers to the habit or practice of ballooning. The
semeval2007.d002.s009.t000	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "number" in the sentence "During the past
semeval2007.d002.s009.t001	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "passed" in the sentence "During the past
semeval2007.d002.s009.t002	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "test" in the sentence "During the past
semeval2007.d002.s009.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "swelled" refers to the number of balloonists who have passed a
semeval2007.d002.s009.t004	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "estimates" in the sentence "During the
semeval2007.d002.s009.t005	Response: During the past 25 years, the number of balloonists who have passed a Federal Aviation Author
semeval2007.d002.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "held" in the given sentence is "arranged for and reserved (something for
semeval2007.d002.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "including" in the given sentence is "allow participation in or the right to be part
semeval2007.d002.s010.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attracts" in the given sentence is "exert a force on (a
semeval2007.d002.s010.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "balloons" in the given sentence is "small thin inflatable rubber bag
semeval2007.d002.s010.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shaped" in the given sentence is "give shape or form to."
semeval2007.d002.s010.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "resemble" in the given sentence is "be similar or bear a likeness
semeval2007.d002.s011.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "balloon" in the given sentence is "small thin inflatable rubber bag with
semeval2007.d002.s011.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "denied" in this context means "refused to grant, as of a
semeval2007.d002.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "status" in the given sentence is "a state at a particular time."
semeval2007.d002.s013.t000	Response: The sentence "Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the
semeval2007.d002.s013.t001	Answer: The definition of "attraction" in the given sentence is "the force by which one object attracts another."
semeval2007.d002.s014.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative, I promptly signed
semeval2007.d002.s014.t001	Answer: Signed up is a verb meaning to join or participate in something with the intention to do so. In the
semeval2007.d002.s015.t000	Response: The correct definition for "thing" in the given sentence is "an entity that is not named specifically."
semeval2007.d002.s015.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "tell" in the given sentence is "give instructions to or direct somebody to do
semeval2007.d002.s015.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "requires" in the given sentence is "have need of."
semeval2007.d002.s015.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "zip" in the given sentence is "a measure of athletic prowess or der
semeval2007.d002.s016.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "So long as you don't look down" means that the speaker is
semeval2007.d002.s017.t000	Answer: The sentence "They will also tell you that even if you hate heights, you can still balloon"
semeval2007.d002.s017.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hate" in the given sentence is "dislike intensely" as "h
semeval2007.d002.s017.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "balloon" in the given sentence is "inflated."
semeval2007.d002.s018.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "say" in the sentence "I still say don't look down"
semeval2007.d002.s018.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "look" in the sentence refers to perceiving with attention and directing one'
semeval2007.d002.s019.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "ascending" refers to the process of moving upward or upwards. Therefore
semeval2007.d002.s020.t000	Answer: The sentence "What they won't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n
semeval2007.d002.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "go" in the given sentence is "to be abolished or discarded."
semeval2007.d002.s020.t002	Answer: The sentence "What they won't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n
semeval2007.d002.s020.t003	Answer: Definition 1:What they won't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you
semeval2007.d002.s021.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "referring" refers to the act of making reference to something, which is a
semeval2007.d002.s022.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "talking" refers to the act of exchanging thoughts or expressing
semeval2007.d002.s024.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pilot" in the given sentence is "a person qualified to guide ships through
semeval2007.d002.s024.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "speaks" in the given sentence is "give a speech to."
semeval2007.d002.s025.t000	Answer: To wit, my maiden voyage and novitiates are referred to as virgins began at dawn on a
semeval2007.d002.s025.t001	Answer: The sentence "To wit, my maiden voyage and novitiates are referred to as virgins began at
semeval2007.d002.s025.t002	Answer: To wit, my maiden voyage and novitiates are referred to as virgins began at dawn on a
semeval2007.d002.s026.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flights" in the given sentence is "an instance of traveling by air."
semeval2007.d002.s026.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "occur" in the given sentence is "to be found to exist."
semeval2007.d002.s027.t000	Answer: The sentence "In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing
semeval2007.d002.s027.t001	Response: In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding
semeval2007.d002.s027.t002	Answer: In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and deciding who would fly in
semeval2007.d002.s027.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "balloons" in the given sentence is "small thin inflatable rubber bag
semeval2007.d002.s027.t004	Answer: In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding
semeval2007.d002.s027.t005	Answer: In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding
semeval2007.d002.s027.t006	Answer: In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding
semeval2007.d002.s027.t007	Answer: In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding
semeval2007.d002.s027.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "baskets" in the given sentence is "a container that is usually woven
semeval2007.d002.s027.t009	Response: The sentence "In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing
semeval2007.d002.s028.t000	Answer: The sentence "When it wasn't my turn in the balloon I followed its progress from the "
semeval2007.d002.s028.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "progress" in the given sentence is "the act of moving forward (as toward a
semeval2007.d002.s028.t002	Answer: Listening is the most suitable meaning for "listening" in the following sentence: When it wasn't
semeval2007.d002.s028.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "driver" in the given sentence is "a golfer who hits the golf ball with a
semeval2007.d002.s028.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "holler" in the given sentence is "complain." The sentence "When it
semeval2007.d002.s029.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or
semeval2007.d002.s029.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the given sentence is "a unit of time equal to 6
semeval2007.d002.s029.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "drifting" refers to the motion of the air or water current, which is
semeval2007.d002.s029.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "watching" refers to the act of observing or being vigilant,
semeval2007.d002.s029.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "rise" refers to the moment when the silver mists start to rise off
semeval2007.d002.s029.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cows" in the given sentence is "a large unpleasant woman."
semeval2007.d002.s029.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "amble" in the given sentence is "to walk leisurely."
semeval2007.d002.s030.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "feel" in the sentence "It's hard not to feel that God
semeval2007.d002.s030.t001	Answer: The sentence "It's hard not to feel that God's in his heaven with this kind of bird'
semeval2007.d002.s030.t002	Answer: The sentence "It's hard not to feel that God's in his heaven with this kind of bird'
semeval2007.d002.s031.t000	Answer: Definition 1: To arrive at a destination or reach a state of being.Corresponding definition:
semeval2007.d002.s031.t001	Answer: The sentence "Eventually little French farmers and their little French farmwives came out of their stone houses and
semeval2007.d002.s031.t002	Answer: Definition 5: position given by its location to the side of an objectIn the given sentence, "
semeval2007.d002.s031.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "squinted" in the given sentence is "partially close one's eyes,
semeval2007.d002.s033.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "We were coming down straight into their canal" means "We were moving directly into
semeval2007.d002.s034.t000	Answer: Definition 1: See, the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you can't steer
semeval2007.d002.s034.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "steer" in the given sentence is "be a guiding or motivating force
semeval2007.d002.s036.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "go" in the given sentence is "to be moved or transported" (definition
semeval2007.d002.s036.t001	Answer: Choose the definition that best fits the context of the sentence: "You can go only up or down by he
semeval2007.d002.s036.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "air" in the given sentence is "a mixture of gases (especially o
semeval2007.d002.s036.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "burner" in the given sentence is "an apparatus for burning fuel (or
semeval2007.d002.s036.t004	Response: The sentence "You can go only up or down by heating the balloon's air with a prop
semeval2007.d002.s036.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "top" refers to the upper part of the balloon, which is the
semeval2007.d002.s036.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "feel" in the sentence "You can go only up or down by he
semeval2007.d002.s036.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "ride" in this context means to travel or move like a floating object. Therefore
semeval2007.d002.s036.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "currents" in the given sentence is "dominant course" of successive events
semeval2007.d002.s037.t000	The sentence "Which makes the chase car necessary" uses the word "makes" to indicate that the chase
semeval2007.d002.s037.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "car" in the given sentence is "a wheeled vehicle adapted to the rails
semeval2007.d002.s038.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "go" in the given sentence is "to be spent" as it is a met
semeval2007.d002.s038.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "average" in the given sentence is "compute the average of." The sentence states
semeval2007.d002.s038.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hour" in the given sentence is "a special and memorable period."
semeval2007.d002.s039.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "balloon" in the given sentence is "small thin inflatable rubber bag
semeval2007.d002.s039.t001	Answer: The sentence "When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion
semeval2007.d002.s040.t000	Answer: The sentence "Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement --
semeval2007.d002.s040.t001	Answer: The sentence "Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement --
semeval2007.d002.s041.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "What's he doing?" hissed my companion, who was the only other
semeval2007.d002.s041.t001	Answer: The sentence "What's he doing?" hissed my companion, who was the only other English-spe
semeval2007.d002.s041.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "What's he doing?" is a question, and "hissed"
semeval2007.d002.s042.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "yelled" in the given sentence is "utter or declare in a very loud voice
semeval2007.d002.s042.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "pilot" in the given sentence is "a person qualified to guide ships through difficult
semeval2007.d002.s042.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "basket" in the given sentence is "horizontal circular metal hoop supporting a net
semeval2007.d002.s042.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "plunged" in the given sentence is "begin with vigor."
semeval2007.d002.s043.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "yelled" in the given sentence is "utter or declare in a very loud voice
semeval2007.d002.s043.t001	Answer: Definition 3:In this context, "leaping" refers to the sudden and dramatic movement of
semeval2007.d002.s043.t002	Answer: The sentence "You bet attention, I yelled back, leaping atop the propane tanks, I
semeval2007.d002.s043.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "loafers" in the given sentence is "a low leather step-in
semeval2007.d002.s044.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "pilot" in the given sentence is "someone who is licensed to operate
semeval2007.d002.s044.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "laughed" in the given sentence is "produce laughter."
semeval2007.d002.s044.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "burner" in the given sentence is "the heating elements of a stove
semeval2007.d002.s044.t003	Answer: Definition 1: To raise from a lower to a higher position.Example: Our pilot simply laughed,
semeval2007.d002.s045.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scuttled" in the given sentence is "to move about or proceed hurriedly
semeval2007.d002.s045.t001	Answer: The sentence "We scuttled along for a few feet before he plunged us into the drink again"
semeval2007.d002.s046.t000	Answer: Definition 1: Eventually, we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the ex
semeval2007.d002.s046.t001	Answer: The sentence "Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite
semeval2007.d002.s046.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "had" in the given sentence is "have as a feature."
semeval2007.d002.s046.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pleasure" in the given sentence is "sexual gratification."
semeval2007.d002.s046.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scrambling" in the given sentence is "to bring into random order."
semeval2007.d002.s046.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "half" in the given sentence is "one of two divisions into which some games or
semeval2007.d002.s046.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scrambled" in the given sentence is "to move hastily, awkward
semeval2007.d002.s047.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "looked at" refers to having a certain outward or facial expression.
semeval2007.d002.s049.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drove" in the given sentence is "to cause someone or something to move by
semeval2007.d002.s049.t001	Response: According to the given text, "got" in the sentence "Back in the chase car, we drove around
semeval2007.d002.s049.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stuck in" in the given sentence is "be unable to move further" as
semeval2007.d002.s049.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "enlisted" refers to the act of joining the military. Therefore, the
semeval2007.d002.s049.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "aid" in the given sentence is "work of providing treatment for or attending
semeval2007.d002.s049.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "farmer" in the given sentence is "a person who operates a farm."
semeval2007.d002.s049.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "get out" refers to the process of removing something from a container or enclosed
semeval2007.d002.s049.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "hitch" refers to the state of inactivity following an interruption. Therefore
semeval2007.d002.s049.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pull" in the given sentence is "remove oneself from an obligation."
semeval2007.d002.s050.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rendezvoused" in the given sentence is "meet at a rende
semeval2007.d002.s050.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "balloon" in the given sentence is "small thin inflatable rubber bag
semeval2007.d002.s050.t002	Answer: The sentence "We finally rendezvoused with our balloon, which had come to rest on a d
semeval2007.d002.s050.t003	Answer: The sentence "We finally rendezvoused with our balloon, which had come to rest on a d
semeval2007.d002.s050.t004	Answer: The sentence "We finally rendezvoused with our balloon, which had come to rest on a d
semeval2007.d002.s050.t005	The sentence "We finally rendezvoused with our balloon, which had come to rest on a dirt road
semeval2007.d002.s050.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "craft" in the given sentence is "skilled work."
semeval2007.d002.s050.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "activity" in the given sentence is "the state of being active."
semeval2007.d002.s050.t008	Answer: The sentence "We finally rendezvoused with our balloon, which had come to rest on a d
semeval2007.d002.s050.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "routine" in the given sentence is "a set sequence of steps, part of
semeval2007.d002.s050.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "yanking" in the given sentence is "pull" or "move with a
semeval2007.d002.s050.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "punching" in the given sentence is "make a hole into or between,
semeval2007.d002.s050.t012	Answer: The definition of "air" in the given sentence is "a mixture of gases (especially oxygen)
semeval2007.d002.s050.t013	Answer: The sentence "We finally rendezvoused with our balloon, which had come to rest on a d
semeval2007.d002.s050.t014	Answer: The sentence "We finally rendezvoused with our balloon, which had come to rest on a d
semeval2007.d002.s050.t015	Answer: The sentence "We finally rendezvoused with our balloon, which had come to rest on a d
semeval2007.d002.s051.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "exercise" in the given sentence is "systematic training by multiple repetitions
semeval2007.d002.s051.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "had" in the sentence "It was the most exercise we 'd had all
semeval2007.d002.s051.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "followed" in the given sentence is "to act in accordance with someone'
semeval2007.d002.s051.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "driving" in the given sentence is "to cause someone or something to move
semeval2007.d002.s052.t000	Answer: The sentence "This meant returning to the golf course, where we watched a few French duffers maul the
semeval2007.d002.s052.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "returning" in this context means "giving back" or "being
semeval2007.d002.s052.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "watched" means "to observe with attention" or "to be vigil
semeval2007.d002.s052.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "duffers" in the given sentence is "an incompetent or cl
semeval2007.d002.s052.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "maul" in the given sentence is "injure badly by beating."
semeval2007.d002.s052.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tee" in the given sentence is "support holding a football on end and above
semeval2007.d002.s052.t006	Answer: The sentence "This meant returning to the golf course, where we watched a few French duffers maul the
semeval2007.d002.s052.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ego" in the given sentence is "psychoanalysis." The sentence "This
semeval2007.d002.s054.t000	Answer: Definition 4: understand.
semeval2007.d002.s055.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "clambered" in the given sentence is "climb awkwardly, as
semeval2007.d002.s056.t000	Answer: The sentence "My American companion and I were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket" means
semeval2007.d002.s056.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "ride" in this context refers to being carried or traveling on or in a
semeval2007.d002.s057.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "streaked" in the given sentence is "marked with spots or blot
semeval2007.d002.s057.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "resist" in this context means "to stand up or offer resistance to somebody
semeval2007.d002.s057.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "rearing" refers to the act of standing up on one's hind
semeval2007.d002.s057.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "saluting" in this context means to greet in a friendly way or express
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "group" in the following sentence is "a set that is closed, associative,
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	Answer: The sentence "U.N. Group drafts plan to reduce emissions" refers to a plan or arrangement scheme
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "emissions" in the following sentence is "the act of emitting or rele
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	Answer: The definition for "climate" in the given sentence is "the weather in some location averaged over some long
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	Answer: The sentence "The U.N.-sponsored climate conference -- characterized so far by unruly post
semeval2013.d000.s001.t002	Answer: The sentence "The U.N.-sponsored climate conference -- characterized so far by unruly post
semeval2013.d000.s001.t003	Answer: The definition for "recriminations" in the given sentence is "mutual accusations."
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	Answer: The definition for "focus" in the given sentence is "a central point or locus of an infection in
semeval2013.d000.s001.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "Friday" in the given sentence is "the sixth day of the week."
semeval2013.d000.s001.t006	Response: The definition for "release" in the given sentence is "the act of liberating someone or something."
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	Answer: The document outlined in the sentence "The U.N.-sponsored climate conference -- characterized so far
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	Answer: The definition of "reductions" in the given sentence is "the act of decreasing or reducing something."
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	Answer: The sentence "The U.N.-sponsored climate conference -- characterized so far by unruly post
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	Answer: The definition for "burden" in the given sentence is "an onerous or difficult concern, weight to
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	Answer: The definition for "term" in the given sentence is a limited period of time.
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	Answer: The text, which could provide the basis for a final political deal to regulate greenhouse gases, highlighted
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "basis" in the given sentence is "the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	Answer: The text, which could provide the basis for a final political deal to regulate greenhouse gases, highlighted
semeval2013.d000.s002.t003	Answer: The text highlighted the remaining obstacles as much as it illuminated a path forward. The definition of "
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	Answer: The text highlighted the remaining obstacles as much as it illuminated a path forward. The remaining obstacles
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "path" in the given sentence is "a line or route along which something travels
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "advance" in the given sentence is "a tentative suggestion designed to elicit
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	Answer: The sentence "But it was seen as an important advance in a negotiation that is running out of time,
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "time" in the given sentence is "a period of time considered as a resource under
semeval2013.d000.s003.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "world" in the given sentence is "all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "leaders" in the given sentence is "a featured article of merchandise
semeval2013.d000.s003.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "Copenhagen" in the given sentence is "the capital and largest city of Denmark
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "week" in the given sentence is "a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday
semeval2013.d000.s004.t000	Answer: The sentence "Forged by a U.N. ad-hoc working group, the text is silent
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "text" in the following sentence is "a passage from the Bible that is used as
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "money" in the following sentence is "the official currency issued by a government or
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	Answer: The sentence "Forged by a U.N. ad-hoc working group, the text is silent
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ones" in the sentence "Forged by a U.N. ad-
semeval2013.d000.s004.t005	Answer: The sentence "Forged by a U.N. ad-hoc working group, the text is silent
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "term" in the following sentence is "a limited period of time" as it is
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "range" in the given sentence is "a variety of different things or activities."
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "options" in the given sentence is "the act of choosing or selecting."
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "questions" in the given sentence is "a formal proposal for action made to a deliber
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "upper limit" in the given sentence is "the limit on the upper (or northern
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "temperature" in the given sentence is "the somatic sensation of cold or
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "rise" in the following sentence is "an increase
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	Response: The sentence "It gives a lot of flexibility to the process, said John Coequyt, senior Washington representative
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	Answer: The definition of "flexibility" in the given sentence is the quality of being adaptable or variable.
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "process" in this context refers to the performance of a composite cognitive activity,
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Washington" in the given sentence is "a state in northwestern United States on
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "representative" refers to a person who represents others, as in "It
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "document" in the given sentence is "a written account of ownership or obligation."
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "negotiation" in the given sentence is "the activity or business of negotiating
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	Answer: The definition for "text" in the given sentence is "a passage from the Bible that is used as the subject
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	Answer: The definition of "climate" in the sentence "Michael Zammit Cutajar, who drafted the
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "official" in the given sentence is "someone who administers the rules
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	Answer: Definition 5:A form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "outlines" in the given sentence is "schematic or preliminary plan."
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "deal" refers to an agreement between industrial nations and major developing countries to cut
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "emissions" in the given sentence is "the act of emitting or rele
semeval2013.d000.s008.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "percent" in the given sentence is "a proportion in relation to a whole (which
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	Response: The sentence "It shows the outlines for a possible deal, in which industrial nations would collectively cut their em
semeval2013.d000.s008.t005	Answer: The sentence "It shows the outlines for a possible deal, in which industrial nations would collectively cut their em
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	Response: The sentence "It shows the outlines for a possible deal, in which industrial nations would collectively cut their em
semeval2013.d000.s008.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "percent" in the given sentence is "a proportion in relation to a whole (which
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "countries" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "emissions" in the given sentence is "the act of emitting or rele
semeval2013.d000.s009.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "percent" in the given sentence is "a proportion in relation to a whole (which
semeval2013.d000.s010.t000	Answer: The European Union (EU) is an international organization of European countries formed after World War II to reduce trade bar
semeval2013.d000.s010.t001	Answer: The European Union gave the talks a boost as well on Friday by pledging to provide $ 3.
semeval2013.d000.s010.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "boost" in the given sentence is "an increase in cost."
semeval2013.d000.s010.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "Friday" in the given sentence is the sixth day of the week, which is
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	Answer: The definition for "year" in the given sentence is a period of time occupying a regular part of a calendar
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	Response: The correct definition for "years" in the given sentence is "a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	Answer: The European Union gave the talks a boost as well on Friday by pledging to provide $ 3.
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "impact" in the given sentence is "influencing strongly."
semeval2013.d000.s010.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "climate change" in the given sentence is "a change in the world's
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	Answer: The European Union provided a $ 3.6 billion a year funding package for climate change adaptation efforts, which
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "drought" in the given sentence is a prolonged shortage.
semeval2013.d000.s010.t011	Answer: The correct definition for "deforestation" in the given sentence is "the removal of trees."
semeval2013.d000.s011.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Friday" in the given sentence is the sixth day of the week, which is
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	Response: The correct definition for "sort" in the given sentence is "an operation that segregates items into groups according
semeval2013.d000.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "talks" in the given sentence is "discussion of."
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "week" in the given sentence is "a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday
semeval2013.d000.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence is "North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "climate" in the following sentence is "the prevailing psychological state."
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "envoy" in the given sentence is "a diplomat sent on a mission to
semeval2013.d000.s012.t003	Response: The correct definition for "language" in the given sentence is "a systematic means of communicating by the use
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	Response: The sentence "U.S. special climate envoy Todd Stern rejected language requiring binding cuts of greenhouse
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	Response: The sentence "U.S. special climate envoy Todd Stern rejected language requiring binding cuts of greenhouse
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ones" in the following sentence is "a single person or thing." The sentence "
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "move" in the given sentence is "the act of changing location from one place to
semeval2013.d000.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "harder line" in the given sentence is "a firm and uncompromising
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "China" in the given sentence is "high quality porcelain originally made only
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Bush administration" in the given sentence is "the executive under President George W.
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "officials" in the given sentence is "someone who administers the
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "years" in the given sentence is "a period of time occupying a regular
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "United States" in the given sentence is the executive and legislative and judicial branches
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	Answer: The definition of "deal" in the given sentence is "an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d000.s014.t002	Answer: The United States is not going to do a deal without the major developing countries stepping up and taking action, which
semeval2013.d000.s014.t003	Response: The definition of "action" in the given sentence is "something done (usually as opposed to something said)
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	Answer: The definition of "text" in the given sentence is a passage from the Bible that is used as the subject of
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	Response: The correct definition for "cuts" in the given sentence is "a trench resembling a furrow
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "observers" in the given sentence is "an expert who observes and comments on
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	Answer: The sentence "Stern made his comments an hour after Chinese vice foreign minister He Yafei said America's
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "hour" in the given sentence is "a special and memorable period."
semeval2013.d000.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "foreign minister" in the given sentence is "government minister for foreign relations
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "America" in the given sentence is "North America and South America and Central America
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	Answer: The definition for "climate" in the given sentence is "the weather in some location averaged over some long
semeval2013.d000.s015.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "negotiator" in the given sentence is "someone who negotiates (conf
semeval2013.d000.s015.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "common sense" in the given sentence is "sound practical judgment."
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "week" in the given sentence is a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday.
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "United States" in the given sentence is "the executive and legislative and judicial
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "China" in the given sentence is "a communist nation that covers a vast
semeval2013.d000.s015.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "global warming" in the given sentence is "climatic changes caused by an
semeval2013.d000.s016.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trajectory" in the given sentence is "path followed by an object moving through
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "world" in the given sentence is "all of the living human inhabitants of the earth."
semeval2013.d000.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "major powers" in the given sentence is "a state powerful enough to influence events throughout
semeval2013.d000.s016.t003	Answer: The sentence "With the future economic trajectory of the world's major powers at stake, fault lines have
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "battle" in the given sentence is "open clash between two opposing groups
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "economies" in the given sentence is "efficient use of resources."
semeval2013.d000.s017.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "planet" in the given sentence is "a celestial body (other than
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "China" in the given sentence is "high quality porcelain originally made only
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "United States" in the given sentence is "the executive and legislative and jud
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "obligations" in the given sentence is "the social force that binds you
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	Response: The most suitable meaning for "nations" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "world" in the given sentence is "all of the living human inhabitants of the earth
semeval2013.d000.s017.t008	The correct definition for "two dozen" in the given sentence is "the cardinal number that is the sum of twenty-three
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	Answer: The sentence "The current battle is as much about saving individual economies as saving the planet, with China and United
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	Answer: The sentence "The current battle is as much about saving individual economies as saving the planet, with China and United
semeval2013.d000.s017.t011	Response: The most suitable meaning for "action" in the given sentence is "the state of being active" as it is
semeval2013.d000.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "delegate" in the given sentence is "to represent or act on behalf of someone
semeval2013.d000.s018.t001	Answer: According to Ricardo Ulate, a Costa Rican delegate, the major powers are fighting over who should bear the
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "costs" in the given sentence is "the total spent for goods or services including money
semeval2013.d000.s018.t003	Answer: The definition of "greenhouse gases" in the given sentence is "a gas that contributes to the green
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "countries" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	Response: According to Ricardo Ulate, a Costa Rican delegate, the meaning of "actions" in the sentence "
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "game" in the given sentence is "an amusement or pastime."
semeval2013.d000.s019.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hegemony" in the given sentence is "dominance or leadership of one social
semeval2013.d000.s019.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "Mexico" in the given sentence is "a republic in southern North America" (
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	Answer: The definition for "Central America" in the given sentence is the nations of Central America collectively.
semeval2013.d000.s019.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "climate change" in the given sentence is "a change in the world's climate
semeval2013.d000.s019.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "adviser" in the given sentence is "a person who gives advice."
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "countries" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "impact" in the given sentence is "influencing strongly."
semeval2013.d000.s020.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "climate change" in the given sentence is "a change in the world's
semeval2013.d000.s020.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "treaty" in the given sentence is "a written agreement between two states or so
semeval2013.d000.s020.t004	Answer: The capital and largest city of Denmark, Copenhagen, is located on the island of Zealand.
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "participants" in the given sentence is "someone who takes part in or
semeval2013.d000.s020.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "talks" in the given sentence is "discussion of" as it is a less
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	Response: The sentence "Some of the countries most vulnerable to the impact of climate change indicated they would continue to push for
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	Answer: The definition for "members" in the sentence "The Alliance of Small Island States, which has 43 members
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	Answer: The definition for "draft" in the sentence "The Alliance of Small Island States, which has 43
semeval2013.d000.s021.t002	Answer: The definition of "treaty" in the given sentence is a written agreement between two states or sovereigns
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	Answer: The definition for "proposal" in the given sentence is an offer of marriage.
semeval2013.d000.s021.t004	Answer: The definition for "Friday" in the sentence "The Alliance of Small Island States, which has 4
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "morning" in the sentence "The Alliance of Small Island States, which has
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	Answer: The definition of "climate" in the given sentence is "the weather in some location averaged over some long
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	Answer: The sentence "Artur Runge-Metzger, who heads international climate negotiations on behalf of the
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "behalf" in the given sentence is "for someone's benefit."
semeval2013.d000.s022.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "push" in the given sentence is "the force used in pushing."
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	Answer: The definition of "pressure" in the given sentence is "the force applied to a unit area of surface;
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	Answer: The definition for "process" in the given sentence is "a mental process that you are not directly aware of."
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	Answer: The definition for "action" in the given sentence is "the state of being active, the series of events that
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	Answer: The definition for "China" in the given sentence is "a communist nation that covers a vast territory in
semeval2013.d000.s022.t008	Answer: The definition of "India" in the given sentence is "a republic in the Asian subcontinent in southern
semeval2013.d000.s023.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "talks" in the given sentence is "discussion of."
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "urgency" in the given sentence is "insistent solicitation and entreaty."
semeval2013.d000.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "delegates" in the given sentence is "a person appointed or elected to represent
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	Answer: The fact that delegates are focusing on resolving most of the outstanding issues before the heads of government arrive
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	Response: The correct definition for "issues" in the given sentence is "a situation or event that is thought about."
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	Answer: The definition of "deal" in the given sentence is "an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	Answer: According to the given text, "officials" refers to high-level officials such as Indian environment minister J
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minister" in the given sentence is "a person appointed to a high office in the
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "planes" in the given sentence is "an unbounded two-dimensional shape."
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "halls" in the given sentence is "a large building used for meetings or entertain
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	Answer: The sentence "High-level officials such as Indian environment minister Jairam Ramesh and the Chinese vice minister
semeval2013.d000.s024.t005	Answer: The sentence "High-level officials such as Indian environment minister Jairam Ramesh and the Chinese vice minister
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	Answer: The sentence "High-level officials such as Indian environment minister Jairam Ramesh and the Chinese vice minister
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	Answer: The sentence "High-level officials such as Indian environment minister Jairam Ramesh and the Chinese vice minister
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gathering" in the given sentence is "sewing consisting of small folds
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "day" in the given sentence is "time for Earth to make a complete rotation on
semeval2013.d000.s025.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "activists" in the given sentence is "militant reformer."
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shows" in the given sentence is "pretending that something is the case in
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "countries" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	Response: According to the given text, "draft" in the sentence "The sheer sprawl of the gathering
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "proposals" in the given sentence is "an offer of marriage."
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	Answer: The definition for "paper" in the given sentence is a material made of cellulose pulp derived mainly from
semeval2013.d000.s025.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "e-mail" in the given sentence is "a system of world-wide electronic
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	Answer: The challenge posed by the sheer sprawl of the gathering poses a challenge for the people who attend
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "intensity" in the given sentence is "the magnitude of sound (usually
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ministers" in the given sentence is "a person appointed to a high office in
semeval2013.d000.s026.t002	The correct definition for "Wednesday" in the given sentence is the third working day.
semeval2013.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable meaning for "Copenhagen" in the given sentence is "the capital and largest city of Denmark"
semeval2013.d000.s027.t000	Answer: The most important league in any sport is the Major League Baseball (MLB).
semeval2013.d000.s027.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vice president" in the given sentence is "executive officer ranking immediately below a president
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "policy" in the given sentence is "written contract or certificate of insurance."
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "heavyweights" in the given sentence is "a professional boxer who weigh
semeval2013.d001.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "victory" in the given sentence is "a successful ending of a struggle or
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Israel" in the given sentence is "an ancient kingdom of the Hebrew tribes
semeval2013.d001.s001.t000	Based on the given sentence, "Caja Laboral achieved a stunning 82-91 victory on their
semeval2013.d001.s001.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "visit" in the given sentence is "a temporary stay (e.g., as
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "cooperative unit" as it describes a
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "losses" in the given sentence is "gradual decline in amount or activity."
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "performance" in the given sentence is "the act of presenting a play or a
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "cooperative unit" as it describes a
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	Response: The sentence "Caja Laboral achieved a stunning 82-91 victory on their visit to the
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "top" in the given sentence is "the highest or uppermost side of anything."
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "group" in the given sentence is "a set that is closed, associative,
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	Answer: The sentence "The Vitorian team knew to make up for the significant absences of Herrmann, O
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "absences" in the given sentence is "the time interval during which something or somebody
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "involvement" in the given sentence is "a connection of inclusion or containment
semeval2013.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable meaning for "teamwork" in the given sentence is "effective cooperative work done by a team
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "end" in the given sentence is "the final part or section of an event or occurrence
semeval2013.d001.s002.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "victory" in the given sentence is "a successful ending of a struggle or
semeval2013.d001.s003.t000	Answer: The sentence "Additionally, their huge success from the sidelines, with 16 three pointers scored,
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	Answer: The sentence "Additionally, their huge success from the sidelines, with 16 three pointers scored,
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	Response: The sentence "Additionally, their huge success from the sidelines, with 16 three pointers scored,
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "triumph" in the given sentence is "the exultation of victory."
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" in this context refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner.
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "favor" in the given sentence is "souvenir consisting of a small gift
semeval2013.d001.s004.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scoreboard" in the given sentence is "a large board for displaying the score of
semeval2013.d001.s004.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "start" in the given sentence is "the beginning of anything."
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "baskets" in the given sentence is "a container that is usually woven
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	Answer: The definition of "perimeter" in the given sentence is "the boundary line or the area immediately inside the boundary
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "speculation" in this context refers to the hypothesis that Vitora "
semeval2013.d001.s005.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "net" in this context refers to a trap made of netting to catch fish
semeval2013.d001.s005.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wrists" in the given sentence is "a joint between the distal end
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "scorers" in the given sentence is "a player who makes a score in
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "end" in the given sentence is "the final part or section of an event or occurrence
semeval2013.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable meaning for "first period" in the given sentence is "the first division into which the play of a game
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	Response: According to the given text, "quarter" refers to a division of a year into four equal parts, which
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	Answer: The second quarter was more of the same, but the Alavan team opted for the inside game of Bar
semeval2013.d001.s007.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "The second quarter was more of the same, but the Alavan team opt
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	Answer: The definition for "work" in the given sentence is "the total output of a writer or artist (or a
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "whistles" in the given sentence is "an inexpensive fipple fl
semeval2013.d001.s007.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "applause" in the given sentence is "a demonstration of approval by cla
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	Response: According to the given text, the definition for "return" in the sentence "The second quarter was more of the
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "home" in the given sentence is "the place where someone is stationed and from which
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	Answer: The definition for "lead" in the given sentence is "an advantage held by a competitor in a race
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	Response: The sentence "Teletovic had already begun to stand out as the best on his team with 13
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	Response: The sentence "Teletovic had already begun to stand out as the best on his team with 13
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Teletovic had already begun to stand out as the best on his team
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner, as indicated by
semeval2013.d001.s009.t001	The sentence "But the game, despite being headed for halftime, was not more decided" suggests that the game
semeval2013.d001.s009.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "hand" in the given sentence is "a position given by its location to the side
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pressure" in the given sentence is "the state of demanding notice or attention
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner, as indicated by
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "role" in the given sentence is "an actor's portrayal of someone in
semeval2013.d001.s010.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "Eidson and Pnini played a decisive role in the 'y
semeval2013.d001.s010.t002	Answer: Definition 5: spiritual awareness.
semeval2013.d001.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "disadvantages" in the given sentence is "the quality of having an inferior or
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	Answer: The sentence "Ivanovic's players, injured but far from dead, needed to run a couple of
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	Answer: The sentence "Ivanovic's players, injured but far from dead, needed to run a couple of
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	Response: According to the given text, "plays" in the sentence "Ivanovic's players, injured but
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	Answer: The definition of "help" in the given sentence is "a person who contributes to the fulfillment of
semeval2013.d001.s012.t004	The sentence "Ivanovic's players, injured but far from dead, needed to run a couple of plays correctly
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lead" in the given sentence is "a position of leadership" (correcting
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	Answer: The sentence "Ivanovic's players, injured but far from dead, needed to run a couple of
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "end" in the given sentence is "the final part or section of an event or occurrence
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The sentence "Ivanovic's players, injured but far from dead, needed to run a couple of plays correctly
semeval2013.d001.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "period" in the given sentence is "interval taken to complete one cycle of a regularly
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the given sentence is "a unit of time equal to 6
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "team" refers to a cooperative unit in sports, specifically two or more
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "team" refers to a cooperative unit in sports, specifically two or more
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	Response: According to the given text, "line" refers to the formation of people or things one beside another, which is
semeval2013.d001.s015.t000	Answer: The sentence "In spite of this, and with Splitter fouling out, Ivonic's team did
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d001.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "last minute" in the given sentence is "the latest possible moment."
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" in this context refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner,
semeval2013.d001.s015.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "victory" in this context refers to the successful ending of a struggle or
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	Response: According to the given text, "time" in the sentence "In spite of this, and with Splitter fou
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "season" refers to a recurrent time marked by major holidays.
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Wall Street" in the given sentence is "used to allude to the se
semeval2013.d002.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "momentum" in the given sentence is "the product of a body's
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dollar" in the following sentence is "a symbol of commercialism or greed
semeval2013.d002.s001.t000	Answer: The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) closed with no particular heading on Friday, in a market torn between
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	Answer: The definition for "heading" in the given sentence is "a horizontal (or nearly horizontal) passageway in
semeval2013.d002.s001.t002	The correct definition for "Friday" in the given sentence is "the sixth day of the week" (i.
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "market" in the given sentence is "the securities markets in the aggregate
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	Response: According to the given text, "indicators" refers to a number or ratio derived from a series of observed
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "United States" in the given sentence is "the executive and legislative and jud
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dollar" in the given sentence is "a United States coin worth one dollar
semeval2013.d002.s001.t007	Answer: The definition for "Dow Jones" in the given sentence is "an indicator of stock market prices based on the
semeval2013.d002.s001.t008	Answer: The NASDAQ is a computerized data system to provide brokers with price quotations for securities
semeval2013.d002.s002.t000	According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen by 65.67 points
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen by 65.67 points
semeval2013.d002.s002.t002	According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence is "a V-sh
semeval2013.d002.s002.t003	According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence is "a V-sh
semeval2013.d002.s002.t004	According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen by 65.67 points
semeval2013.d002.s002.t005	According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen by 65.67 points
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen by 65.67 points
semeval2013.d002.s002.t007	According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "point" in the following sentence is "a geometric element that
semeval2013.d002.s002.t008	According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence is "a V-sh
semeval2013.d002.s003.t000	Response: The sentence "The wider Standard &amp; Poor's 500 has itself advanced by 0
semeval2013.d002.s003.t001	Response: The sentence "The wider Standard &amp; Poor's 500 has itself advanced by 0
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "market" in the given sentence is "the securities markets in the aggregate
semeval2013.d002.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "narrow margin" in the given sentence is "a small margin."
semeval2013.d002.s005.t001	Answer: "Trading" in the given sentence refers to the act of buying or selling securities or comm
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "volumes" refers to the amount of 3-dimensional space occupied by an
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "case" refers to a specific set of circumstances or a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "end" refers to the point in time at which something ends, which is the
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "year" refers to a period of time containing 365 days, which
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	Answer: The trend in the sentence "The trend was supported by the publication of better than expected economic indicators,
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	Answer: The trend was supported by the publication of better than expected economic indicators, which "have contributed to improving
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "indicators" refers to a number or ratio derived from a series of observed
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	Response: The most suitable meaning for "market" in the given sentence is "the securities markets in the aggregate
semeval2013.d002.s006.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "opinion" in the following sentence refers to a message expressing a belief
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "relation" in the following sentence refers to the act of sexual procreation between
semeval2013.d002.s006.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "robustness" in the given sentence is "the characteristic of being strong enough to
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	Answer: The trend was supported by the publication of better than expected economic indicators, which "have contributed to improving
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	Answer: The trend was supported by the publication of better than expected economic indicators, which "have contributed to improving
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "United States" in the given sentence is "the executive and legislative and judicial
semeval2013.d002.s007.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "sales" refers to the general activity of selling, which is the second
semeval2013.d002.s007.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "November" in the given sentence is "the month following October and preceding December."
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "month" in the given sentence is "a time unit of approximately 30 days
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "row" in the given sentence is "an arrangement of objects or people side by side in
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "confidence" in the given sentence is "a secret that is confided or entr
semeval2013.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable meaning for "consumers" in the given sentence is "a person who uses goods or services."
semeval2013.d002.s008.t002	The correct definition for "December" in the given sentence is "the last (12th) month of the year
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "month" in the given sentence is "time unit of approximately 30 days."
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "estimates" in this context refers to the preliminary estimates from Michigan
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	Response: The correct definition for "index" in the given sentence is a numerical scale used to compare variables with one another or
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	Answer: The definition for "indices" in the given sentence is a numerical scale used to compare variables with one another or
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	Answer: The definition for "rise" in the given sentence is "an upward slope or grade (as in a
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	Answer: The definition for "dollar" in the given sentence is a piece of paper money worth one dollar.
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	Answer: The definition for "high" in the given sentence is "a lofty level or position or degree" (mean
semeval2013.d002.s009.t004	Answer: The definition for "Euro" in the given sentence is "the basic monetary unit of most members of
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	Answer: The definition of "pressure" in the given sentence is "the force applied to a unit area of surface;
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	Response: The definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is "a social group that forms part of the society or
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	Answer: The definition for "situation" in the given sentence is "a complex or critical or unusual difficulty."
semeval2013.d002.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Technology" in the given sentence is "the discipline dealing with the art or
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "securities" in the given sentence is "property that your creditor can claim
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	Answer: Definition 5: the part of a scene (or picture) that lies behind objects in the foreground.
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Treasury" in the given sentence is "the government department responsible for collecting
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	Answer: The corresponding definition for "bond" in the given sentence is "a certificate of debt (usually interest
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "yields" in the given sentence is "the income or profit arising from
semeval2013.d002.s012.t003	The correct definition for "Tuesday" in the given sentence is "the second working day."
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evening" in the given sentence is "the later concluding time period" as
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	Answer: The corresponding definition for "bond" in the given sentence is "a certificate of debt (usually interest
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "yields" in the given sentence is "the income or profit arising from
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "evening" in the given sentence is "the later concluding time period" as
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	Response: According to the given material, "deals" in the sentence "Iraqi Oil Ministry reaches deals
semeval2013.d003.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oil companies" in the given sentence is "a company that sells oil."
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	Response: Despite concerns about violence and political instability, the Iraqi government managed to attract major oil companies to rebuild its
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "violence" in the given sentence is "the property of being wild or tur
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "instability" in the given sentence is "unreliability attributable to
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "government" in the given sentence is "the system or form by which a
semeval2013.d003.s001.t004	Answer: Despite concerns about violence and political instability, the Iraqi government managed to attract major oil companies to rebuild its
semeval2013.d003.s001.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "infrastructure" in the given sentence is "the stock of basic facilities and capital
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "auctions" in the given sentence is "the public sale of something to the highest
semeval2013.d003.s001.t007	Answer: Despite concerns about violence and political instability, the Iraqi government managed to attract major oil companies to rebuild its
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "deals" in the given sentence is "a particular instance of buying or s
semeval2013.d003.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oil companies" in the given sentence is "companies that sell oil."
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "China" in the given sentence is "high quality porcelain originally made only
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Russia" in the given sentence is "formerly the largest Soviet Socialist Republic
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oil" in the given sentence is "oil paint containing pigment that
semeval2013.d003.s002.t005	The most suitable meaning for "firms" in the given sentence is "members of a business organization that owns or oper
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "role" in the given sentence is "normal or customary activity of a person in
semeval2013.d003.s002.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the given sentence is "a republic in the Middle East in
semeval2013.d003.s002.t008	Answer: The sentence "The 10 deals the Iraqi Oil Ministry reached with foreign oil companies suggest that China
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "decades" in the given sentence is "the cardinal number that is the sum of
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "war" in this context refers to a legal state created by a declaration of war
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sanctions" in the given sentence is "a mechanism of social control for enforcing
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "companies" in the given sentence is "small military unit; usually two or
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "stakes" in the given sentence is "a financial involvement with something."
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	Answer: The definition of "fields" in the given sentence is "a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	Answer: The corresponding definition for "companies" in the given sentence is "an institution created to conduct business."
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	Answer: The second auction in the second round of the second auction for the second auction for the second auction
semeval2013.d003.s004.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "Friday" in the given sentence is the sixth day of the week, which is
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	Answer: The only one that submitted a bid lost.The sentence "The only one that submitted a bid lost"
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "companies" in the given sentence is "an institution created to conduct business."
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "deals" in the given sentence is "an agreement between parties (usually arrived
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	Answer: The definition for "fields" in the given sentence is "a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
semeval2013.d003.s006.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "June" in the given sentence is "the month following May and preceding July."
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "representation" in the given sentence is "the act of representing; standing in for
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oil" in the following sentence is "oil paint containing pigment that
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "giants" in the given sentence is "an unusually large enterprise."
semeval2013.d003.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the given sentence is "a republic in the Middle East in
semeval2013.d003.s007.t004	Answer: The sentence "The meager representation of American oil giants in Iraq's opening oil industry surprised analyst
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "analysts" in the given sentence is "an expert who studies financial data (
semeval2013.d003.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the given sentence is "a republic in the Middle East in
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "doors" refers to the entrance (space in a wall) through which you
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "years" in the sentence refers to a period of time that is used for
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "war" in this context refers to a legal state created by a declaration of war
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the given sentence is "North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	Answer: The sentence "Iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war, and instead of U.S.
semeval2013.d003.s008.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "way" in the sentence "Iraq finally opened its doors after six years
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "editor" in the given sentence is "a program designed to perform editorial functions."
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	Response: The sentence "Iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war, and instead of U.S.
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "outlet" in the sentence "Iraq finally opened its doors after six years
semeval2013.d003.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "long time" in the given sentence is "prolonged period of time."
semeval2013.d003.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "offer" in the given sentence is "something offered (as a proposal or bid
semeval2013.d003.s009.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the given sentence is "a republic in the Middle East in
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	Answer: Concerns over security, underscored by massive coordinated bombings Tuesday, and political instability
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "security" in the given sentence is "defense against financial failure; financial independence."
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bombings" in the given sentence is "a tactic frequently used by terror
semeval2013.d003.s010.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "Tuesday" in the given sentence is "the second working day."
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "instability" in the given sentence is "lack of balance or state of disequ
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the given sentence is "North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s010.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "military" in the given sentence is "the military forces of a nation."
semeval2013.d003.s010.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oil companies" in the given sentence is "companies that sell oil."
semeval2013.d003.s010.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the given sentence is "a republic in the Middle East in
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	Answer: Concerns over security, underscored by massive coordinated bombings Tuesday, and political instability
semeval2013.d003.s010.t010	Response: The sentence "Concerns over security, underscored by massive coordinated bombings Tuesday,
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "analysts" in the given sentence is "an expert who studies financial data (
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the given sentence is "North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "firms" in the given sentence is "establishments."
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cases" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances" as it is
semeval2013.d003.s011.t003	Answer: The definition of "disadvantage" in the given sentence is "the quality of having an inferior or less favor
semeval2013.d003.s011.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rivals" in the given sentence is "competitors" because "rivals
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "government" in the given sentence is "the system or form by which a community
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "energy" in the given sentence is "a healthy capacity for vigorous activity"
semeval2013.d003.s011.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "firms" in the given sentence is "establishments."
semeval2013.d003.s011.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "risks" refers to the possibility of incurring loss or injury, as
semeval2013.d003.s011.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shareholders" in the given sentence is "shareholders" as it refers
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "companies" in the given sentence is "small military unit; usually two or
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "deals" in the given sentence is "an agreement between parties (usually arrived
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ministry" in the given sentence is "a government department under the direction of a
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence is "North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "firms" in the given sentence is "members of a business organization that owns
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	Answer: Definition 5: The finish of a contest in which the score is tied and the winner is undecided.
semeval2013.d003.s013.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advice" in the given sentence is "a proposal for an appropriate course of action
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "years" in the sentence refers to a period of time that contains 3
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "companies" refers to the top stakeholders in the two contract
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contracts" in the given sentence is (contract bridge).
semeval2013.d003.s014.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "weekend" in the given sentence is "a time period usually extending from Friday night
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bid" in the given sentence is "a formal proposal to buy at a specified price
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contracts" in the given sentence is "a binding agreement between two or more
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "company" in the given sentence is "an institution created to conduct business."
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	Response: According to the given text, "stakes" refers to the financial involvement with a contract for two major fields
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contracts" in the given sentence is "a binding agreement between two or more
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	Response: According to the given text, "fields" in the sentence "State-owned China National Petroleum Corporation bid
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "China" in the given sentence is "high quality porcelain originally made only
semeval2013.d003.s016.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "track" refers to a line or route along which something travels or moves.
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "power" in the sentence "We all know that China is on track to become a
semeval2013.d003.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "spokesman" in the given sentence is "a male spokesperson."
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence is "small military unit; usually two or three pl
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "par" in the given sentence is "equally balanced." The sentence states that
semeval2013.d003.s017.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "competitors" in the given sentence is "competitors" as it refers
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "commitments" in the given sentence is "the act of binding yourself (intel
semeval2013.d003.s017.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the given sentence is "a republic in the Middle East in
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Companies" in the given sentence is "small military unit; usually two or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bids" in the given sentence is "a formal proposal to buy at a specified
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "offers" in the given sentence is "something offered (as a proposal or bid
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "barrel" in the given sentence is "a cylindrical container that holds liqu
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fee" in the given sentence is "an interest in land capable of being inherited
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ministry" in the given sentence is "government department under the direction of
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "output" in the given sentence is "signal that comes out of an electronic system."
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	Response: According to the given text, "levels" refers to a specific identifiable position in a continuum or process
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	Answer: The definition of "field" in the given sentence is "a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "banks" refers to the financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	Response: The sentence "US banks repay state support" refers to the fact that US banks have received state support in the
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "US banks repay state support" refers to the financial resources provided to make a
semeval2013.d004.s001.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "US" in the given sentence is "a base containing nitrogen that is found
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "banks" refers to the financial institutions that accept deposits and channel the money
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	Response: The definition for "state" in the given sentence is the territorial entity comprising the government of a sovereign
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shackles" in the given sentence is "a U-shaped bar;
semeval2013.d004.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Wednesday" in the given sentence is "the third working day." The
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	Response: According to the given text, "On Wednesday Bank of America repaid the support from the bank protection
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	Response: According to the given text, "bank" in the sentence "On Wednesday Bank of America repaid
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "protection" in the sentence "On Wednesday Bank of America repaid
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fund" in the sentence "On Wednesday Bank of America repaid the
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "amount" in the given sentence is "quantity obtained by the addition of a group of
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	According to reports from US broadcaster CNBC, Citigroup is also planning to repay the state support
semeval2013.d004.s003.t001	According to reports from US broadcaster CNBC, Citigroup is also planning to repay the state support
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	According to reports from US broadcaster CNBC, Citigroup is also planning to repay the state support
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	According to reports from US broadcaster CNBC, Citigroup is also planning to repay the state support
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	According to reports from US broadcaster CNBC, Citigroup is also planning to repay the state support
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "institutions" refers to an organization that has been established for a specific purpose
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	Answer: The institutions thereby want to wiggle themselves free from the restrictions going hand-in-hand with the acceptance
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	Response: The sentence "The institutions thereby want to wiggle themselves free from the restrictions going hand-in-hand with
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	Answer: The institutions thereby want to wiggle themselves free from the restrictions going hand-in-hand with the acceptance
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "limits" in the given sentence is "final or latest limiting point."
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "manager" in the following sentence is "someone in charge of training an athlete
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bonuses" in the given sentence is "an additional payment (or other remun
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	Answer: The definition for "charges" in the given sentence is "a formal statement of a command or injunction to
semeval2013.d004.s005.t000	Answer: Investors are those who commit capital in order to gain financial returns.
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "loans" in the given sentence is "a word borrowed from another language."
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rest" in the given sentence is "freedom from activity (work or strain
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "amount" in the given sentence is "relative magnitude of something with reference to a criter
semeval2013.d004.s006.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kitty" in the given sentence is "the cumulative amount involved in a
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sale" in the given sentence is "an occasion (usually brief) for
semeval2013.d004.s006.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "business" in the given sentence is "commercial or industrial enterprise and
semeval2013.d004.s006.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "units" in the given sentence is "an individual or group or structure or other
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Bank head Kenneth Lewis extended his express thanks to the American taxpayer on
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "bank" in the given sentence is "a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "height" in the given sentence is "the vertical dimension of extension; distance from the
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	Answer: The bank's overstretching at the height of the financial crisis by taking over the investment bank M
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	Response: The sentence "The bank overstretched at the height of the financial crisis by taking over the investment bank
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	Response: The most suitable meaning for "bank" in the given sentence is "a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cash" in the following sentence is "prompt payment for goods or services in
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "liabilities" in the given sentence is "the quality of being something that holds you
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "state" in the given sentence is "the group of people comprising the government of
semeval2013.d004.s010.t000	The correct definition for "Thursday" in the given sentence is "the fourth working day."
semeval2013.d004.s010.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "US" in the sentence "Already on Thursday, the US bank was able
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "bank" in the following sentence refers to a financial institution that accepts deposits and
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "capital" in the given sentence is "wealth in the form of money or property owned
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "increase" in the sentence "Already on Thursday, the US bank
semeval2013.d004.s010.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "reference" refers to a short note recognizing a source of information or a quoted
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "circles" in the sentence "Already on Thursday, the US bank
semeval2013.d004.s011.t000	Answer: A Citigroup spokesman declined to comment.
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	Answer: The definition of "support" in the given sentence is "a financial resources provided to make some project possible."
semeval2013.d004.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "June" in the given sentence is "the month following May and preceding July."
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Appeal" in the given sentence is "attractiveness that interests or ple
semeval2013.d005.s001.t000	The correct definition for "half a dozen" in the given sentence is the cardinal number that is the sum of five and one
semeval2013.d005.s001.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "courtroom" in the given sentence is a room in which a lawcourt sits.
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "rows" in the given sentence is "an arrangement of objects or people side by side in
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reports" in the given sentence is "a written evaluation of a student's
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "testimony" in the given sentence is "something that serves as evidence."
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "end" in the given sentence is "the final part or section."
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defense" in the given sentence is "the federal department responsible for safeguarding
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "messages" in the given sentence is "what a communication that is about something is about
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trial" in the given sentence is "the act of undergoing testing" as
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rape" in the given sentence is "the crime of forcing a woman to submit
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "children" in the given sentence is "a member of a clan or tribe."
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "beds" in the given sentence is "a plot of ground in which plants are
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "house" in the given sentence is "a social unit living together."
semeval2013.d005.s004.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Thursday" in the given sentence is the fifth day of the week, which is
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "trial" in the given sentence is "the act of testing something."
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "members" in the given sentence is "an external body part that projects from the body."
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "family" in the given sentence is "a loose affiliation of gangsters in charge
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "end" in the given sentence is "the final part or section."
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "judge" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "imposition" in the given sentence is "an uncalled-for burden."
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "jury" in the given sentence is "a committee appointed to judge a competition."
semeval2013.d005.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lawyers" in the given sentence is "a professional person authorized to practice
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	Response: According to the given text, "court" in the sentence "But lawyers for Mr. Hayes have
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "filings" in the given sentence is "preservation and methodical arrangement as of
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "appeals" in the given sentence is "request for a sum of money."
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "arguments" in the following sentence refers to the contentious speech act, which is
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "courts" refers to a room in which a lawcourt sits.
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "years" in the sentence refers to a period of time that is used for
semeval2013.d005.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reporting" in the given sentence is "news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trial" in the given sentence is "the act of undergoing testing" as
semeval2013.d005.s006.t002	Answer: One of the most provocative is that the intense reporting on the trial - including mainstream reporters'
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "use" in the given sentence is "the act of using."
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	Answer: The sentence "One of the most provocative is that the intense reporting on the trial - including mainstream rep
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "atmosphere" in the given sentence is "intense reporting on the trial,
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	Answer: The sentence "One of the most provocative is that the intense reporting on the trial - including mainstream rep
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	Answer: The sentence "One of the most provocative is that the intense reporting on the trial - including mainstream rep
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	Answer: The sentence "One of the most provocative is that the intense reporting on the trial - including mainstream rep
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "claim" in the given sentence is "an assertion of a right (as to money
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is "a legal proceeding in which the appell
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "judges" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "question" in the given sentence is "an instance of questioning."
semeval2013.d005.s007.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "courtroom" in the given sentence is a room in which a lawcourt sits.
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	Answer: The definition of "rules" in the given sentence is "a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior,
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "trial" in the given sentence is "the act of testing something."
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	Answer: The definition of "danger" in the given sentence is "a venture undertaken without regard to possible loss
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "inclusion" in the given sentence is "the act of including."
semeval2013.d005.s008.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "courtroom" in the given sentence is "a room in which a lawcourt s
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	Answer: According to the given text, "individual" in the sentence "As I experienced it during this trial, I
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "rights" in the sentence "As I experienced it
semeval2013.d005.s008.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defense lawyer" in the given sentence is "chief defense lawyer."
semeval2013.d005.s009.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "trial judge" in the given sentence is a judge in a trial court.
semeval2013.d005.s009.t001	Answer: The definition for "State" in the given sentence is "the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts
semeval2013.d005.s009.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "Superior Court" in the given sentence is "a court that has jurisdiction above an
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "claims" in the given sentence is "an assertion of a right (as to
semeval2013.d005.s009.t004	Answer: The definition for "ruling" in the given sentence is "to decide or make a decision." In this context
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "week" in the given sentence is a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday.
semeval2013.d005.s009.t006	Answer: The definition of "news media" in the given sentence is "collectively."
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	Answer: The definition of "evidence" in the given sentence is "all the means by which any alleged matter of
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	Answer: The definition of "jury" in the given sentence is a body of citizens sworn to give a true ver
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	Answer: The definition for "passion" in the given sentence is "a strong feeling or emotion."
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "last word" in the given sentence is "elegance by virtue of being fashion
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "issue" refers to the act of providing an item for general use or for official
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "decades" in the given sentence is the cardinal number that is the sum of nine and
semeval2013.d005.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "appeals courts" in the given sentence is "a court whose jurisdiction is to
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is "the extent to which something is covered."
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cases" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances."
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "questions" in the given sentence is "an instance of questioning."
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "trial" in the given sentence is (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fairness" in the given sentence is "the property of having a naturally light
semeval2013.d005.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ruling" in the given sentence is "deciding" or "making a decision
semeval2013.d005.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "United States Supreme Court" in the given sentence is "the highest federal court in
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conviction" in the given sentence is "final judgment of guilty in a criminal case
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "Cleveland" in the given sentence is "a major Great Lakes port" as it
semeval2013.d005.s012.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "osteopath" in the given sentence is "a therapist who manip
semeval2013.d005.s012.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "murder" in the given sentence is "unlawful premeditated killing
semeval2013.d005.s012.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wife" in the given sentence is "a man's partner in marriage."
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "decision" in the given sentence is "the act of making up your mind about something
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "carnival" in the given sentence is "a traveling show; having sides
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "atmosphere" in the given sentence is "a unit of pressure: the pressure
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "trial" in the given sentence is "the act of testing something."
semeval2013.d005.s012.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "news media" in the given sentence is "collectively" as it refers to the
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	Answer: The crime is believed by some to have been the inspiration for the television show and the movie "The Fug
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "inspiration" in the given sentence is "a product of your creative thinking
semeval2013.d005.s013.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "television show" in the given sentence is "a program broadcast by television."
semeval2013.d005.s013.t003	The most suitable meaning for "movie" in the given sentence is "a form of entertainment that enacts a story
semeval2013.d005.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lawyers" in the given sentence is "a professional person authorized to practice
semeval2013.d005.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "appeals courts" in the given sentence is "a court whose jurisdiction is to
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conviction" in the given sentence is (criminal law) a final judgment of
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	Answer: The sentence "Some lawyers said appeals courts reviewing Mr. Hayes's conviction half a
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "century" in the given sentence is "ten 10s."
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "argument" in this context refers to a contentious speech act, which is a
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	Response: According to the given text, "rules" in the sentence "Some lawyers said appeals courts reviewing
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	Answer: The sentence "Some lawyers said appeals courts reviewing Mr. Hayes's conviction half a
semeval2013.d005.s014.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "courtrooms" in the given sentence is "a room in which a lawcourt s
semeval2013.d005.s014.t009	Response: The sentence "Some lawyers said appeals courts reviewing Mr. Hayes's conviction half a
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "case" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances" (noun
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reason" in the sentence "There is a general reason for concern about the impact of
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "concern" in the sentence "There is a general reason for concern about the
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "impact" in the sentence "There is a general reason for concern about the impact
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "trials" in the given sentence is "the act of testing something."
semeval2013.d005.s015.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "professor" in the given sentence is "someone who is a member of the
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Connecticut" in the given sentence is "a New England state" as it is
semeval2013.d005.s015.t006	Answer: According to John J. Donohue III, a Stanford Law School professor who studied the Connecticut death penalty and
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "report" in the given sentence is "a written evaluation of a student's scholarship
semeval2013.d005.s016.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Professor" in the given sentence is "someone who is a member of
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "appeals" in the given sentence is "request for a sum of money."
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "judges" refers to a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "idea" in the following sentence is "a personal view."
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	Answer: The definition of "communication" in the given sentence is "the activity of conveying information."
semeval2013.d005.s016.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "courtrooms" in the given sentence is "a room in which a lawcourt s
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "trials" in the following sentence refers to the act of testing something, which
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "issue" in this context refers to the act of providing an item for general use
semeval2013.d005.s017.t001	Answer: The lawyers mentioned in the sentence are likely to be argued for years, delaying an execution. The definition
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "years" refers to a period of time that is used for some particular activity
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	Answer: The definition for "execution" in the given sentence is "the act of carrying out a legal order or judgment by
semeval2013.d005.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defense lawyers" in the given sentence is "the lawyer representing the def
semeval2013.d005.s018.t001	Answer: The sentence "The defense lawyers also claim, for example, that Mr. Hayes may have been pre
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Judge" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d005.s018.t003	The sentence "The defense lawyers also claim, for example, that Mr. Hayes may have been prejudiced
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	Response: The correct definition for "reactions" in the given sentence is (chemistry) a process in which one or
semeval2013.d005.s018.t005	The sentence "The defense lawyers also claim, for example, that Mr. Hayes may have been prejudiced
semeval2013.d005.s019.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "jurors" in the given sentence is "someone who serves on a j
semeval2013.d005.s019.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "photographs" in the given sentence is "a representation of a person or
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "victims" in the sentence "Some of the jurors have said they were
semeval2013.d005.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "daughters" in the sentence "Some of the jurors have said they were
semeval2013.d005.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "defense lawyers" in the given sentence is "the lawyer representing the def
semeval2013.d005.s020.t001	Answer: The sentence "The defense lawyers say they will also challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and argue that
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	Answer: The sentence "The defense lawyers say they will also challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and argue that
semeval2013.d005.s020.t003	Answer: The sentence "The defense lawyers say they will also challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and argue that
semeval2013.d005.s020.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prosecutors" in the given sentence is "a government official who conducts criminal
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pressure" in the sentence "The defense lawyers say they will also challenge
semeval2013.d005.s020.t006	The sentence "The defense lawyers say they will also challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and argue that the judge
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	Answer: The sentence "The defense lawyers say they will also challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and argue that
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	Answer: The sentence "The defense lawyers say they will also challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and argue that
semeval2013.d005.s020.t009	Answer: The sentence "The defense lawyers say they will also challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and argue that
semeval2013.d005.s021.t000	Answer: The jurors were not sequestered, which means they were not kept separate from the rest of the courtroom
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "arguments" in this context refers to a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "effect" in the following sentence is "an outward
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "coverage" in the given sentence is "the extent to which something is covered"
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "trial" is "the act of undergoing testing
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "interest" in the following sentence is "a reason
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the following sentence is "questioning
semeval2013.d005.s023.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "verdict" in the given sentence is "judgment" as it is used in
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "month" in the given sentence is "a time unit of approximately 30 days
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	Response: The sentence "They noted in a challenge to the verdict filed last month that the case dominated the news
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	Answer: The sentence "They noted in a challenge to the verdict filed last month that the case dominated the news
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Connecticut" in the given sentence is "a New England state" as it is
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "election" in the following sentence is "the act
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "campaign" in the following sentence is "a series
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the given sentence is "someone who is considered for something
semeval2013.d005.s023.t009	Answer: The United States Senate is the upper house of the United States Congress.
semeval2013.d005.s024.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "news media" in the given sentence is "newspapers and magazines collect
semeval2013.d005.s024.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "emotion" in the given sentence is "strong feeling."
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "case" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances."
semeval2013.d005.s025.t000	Answer: The definition for "crush" in the given sentence is "a dense crowd of people."
semeval2013.d005.s025.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "cameras" in the given sentence is "telescopes" or "t
semeval2013.d005.s025.t002	The correct definition for "reporters" in the given sentence is "a person who investigates and reports news stories."
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "courthouse" in the given sentence is a government building that houses the offices of
semeval2013.d005.s025.t004	Answer: The lawyers' definition for "lawyers" in the given sentence is "a professional person authorized
semeval2013.d005.s025.t005	Answer: The lawyers' reference to "New Haven" in the sentence "The daily crush of media twe
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	Response: The sentence "The focus on the Twitter coverage is controversial" suggests that the attention or energy is being directed towards
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "coverage" in the given sentence is "the extent to which something is covered"
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	Answer: The definition of "interviews" in the given sentence is a conference (usually with someone important).
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "journalists" in the given sentence is "someone who keeps a diary
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "claim" in the given sentence is "demand for something as rightful or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "news" in the given sentence is "information reported in a newspaper or news magazine."
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "reports" refers to the act of informing by verbal report, which
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	Answer: Definition 5:In interviews, some journalists said the claim that instant news was more incendi
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence is "a room in
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	Answer: Definition 2: written contract or certificate of insurance.
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "coverage" in the given sentence is "news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "trials" in the given sentence is "the act of testing something."
semeval2013.d005.s028.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "lawyers" refers to professionals authorized to practice law, conduct law
semeval2013.d005.s028.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "appeals courts" in the given sentence is "a court whose jurisdiction is to
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	Response: According to the given text, "arguments" in the sentence "But some lawyers said appeals courts were
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	Response: According to the given text, "changes" in the sentence "But some lawyers said appeals courts were
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	Answer: The definition of "adaptation" in the given sentence is "the process of adapting to something (such
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "courts" in the sentence "But some law
semeval2013.d005.s029.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lawyers" in the given sentence is "a professional person authorized to practice
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "claim" in the given sentence is "demand for something as rightful or
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "filing" in the given sentence is "preservation and methodical arrangement as of
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Supreme Court" in the given sentence is "the highest court in most states
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "decision" in the given sentence is "a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conviction" in the given sentence is (criminal law) a final judgment of
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "trial" in the given sentence is (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "coverage" in the given sentence is "news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	Answer: The definition of "rules" in the given sentence is "a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior,
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "case" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances."
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "century" in the given sentence is "ten 10s."
semeval2013.d006.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Sport" in the given sentence is "an occupation of athletes who compete
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fraud" in the given sentence is "something intended to deceive; deliberate
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "law" in the given sentence is "the branch of philosophy concerned with the law and
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	Answer: The sentence "Tricks such as those of Alonso and Ramos before the Ajax demonstrate wittiness but not
semeval2013.d006.s001.t001	Answer: The sentence "Tricks such as those of Alonso and Ramos before the Ajax demonstrate wittiness but not
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "will" in the given sentence is "the capability of conscious choice and decision and
semeval2013.d006.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sanction" in the given sentence is "official permission or approval."
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "expulsion" in the given sentence is "the act of expelling or projecting
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "players" refers to someone who participates in or is skilled at a
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" in the following sentence refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ink" in the given sentence is "dark protective fluid ejected into the
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	Response: The most suitable meaning for "behavior" in the given sentence is "the action or reaction of something (as
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "players" refers to someone who participates in or is skilled at a
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the given sentence is "a unit of time equal to 6
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "end" refers to the point in time at which the game has already ended,
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	Answer: The sentence "As we all know, a few minutes before the end of the game ( that their team had already
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	Answer: In the given sentence, "players" refers to the professional theatrical performers who are skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "time" in this context refers to a period of time considered as a resource under
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "referee" in the given sentence is "an attorney appointed by a court to investigate
semeval2013.d006.s003.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "card" in this context refers to a card certifying the identity of the bear
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	Answer: The sentence "This way, and since Real Madrid will finish as leader of its group, both players will fulfil
semeval2013.d006.s004.t001	Answer: The sentence "This way, and since Real Madrid will finish as leader of its group, both players will fulfill
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	Answer: The sentence "This way, and since Real Madrid will finish as leader of its group, both players will fulfill
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who participates in or is sk
semeval2013.d006.s004.t004	Answer: The sentence "This way, and since Real Madrid will finish as leader of its group, both players will fulfill
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	Answer: The sentence "This way, and since Real Madrid will finish as leader of its group, both players will fulfil
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	Answer: The sentence "This way, and since Real Madrid will finish as leader of its group, both players will fulfill
semeval2013.d006.s004.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "cards" refers to a set of small pieces of stiff paper marked in various
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "phase" in the given sentence is (physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "committee" in the given sentence is "a self-constituted organization to
semeval2013.d006.s005.t001	Answer: The definition of "discipline" in the given sentence is "the act of punishing."
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	Answer: The sentence "Finally, the committee of discipline of the UEFA has sanctioned with two games the trainer
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "trainer" in the given sentence is "a person who trains others or animals." The
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "amounts" in the given sentence is "a quantity obtained by the addition of a group
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who participates in or is sk
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "provocation" in the given sentence is "needed encouragement." The sentence states
semeval2013.d006.s006.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "card" in the given sentence is "a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "circumstances" in the given sentence is "a condition that accompanies or
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "practice" in the given sentence is "systematic training by multiple repetitions
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	Response: The correct definition for "world" in the given sentence is "all of the living human inhabitants of the earth."
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "football" in the following sentence is "the inflated oblong ball used in playing
semeval2013.d006.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ethos" in the given sentence is "the distinctive spirit of a culture or
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	Response: According to the given text, "rules" in the sentence "It is so extended that it part of the eth
semeval2013.d006.s007.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "sport" refers to the occupation of athletes who compete for pay.
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Part" in the given sentence is "a portion of a natural object."
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	Answer: The sentence "Part of the debate arisen in the related case is caused by the fact that has been carried out
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The sentence "Part of the debate arisen in the related case is caused by the fact that has been carried out by team
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	Answer: The sentence "Part of the debate arisen in the related case is caused by the fact that has been carried out
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	Answer: The sentence "Part of the debate arisen in the related case is caused by the fact that has been carried out
semeval2013.d006.s008.t006	The sentence "Part of the debate arisen in the related case is caused by the fact that has been carried out by team
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nobility" in the given sentence is "the quality of elevation of mind
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "honor" in the given sentence is "the quality of being honorable and having
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who pursues a number of
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	Answer: The sentence "Part of the debate arisen in the related case is caused by the fact that has been carried out
semeval2013.d006.s008.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dramatization" in the given sentence is "a dramatic representation."
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "history" in the given sentence is "continuum of events occurring in succession leading
semeval2013.d006.s008.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "technician" in the given sentence is "someone known for high skill in some
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The sentence "Anyway, the debate deals with if that type of behavior not prohibited specifically by the regulation contradict
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "type" in the following sentence refers to a specific category or type of behavior that
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "behavior" in this context refers to the action or reaction of something (as
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "principles" refers to the basic generalizations that are accepted as true and
semeval2013.d006.s009.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "sport" in this context refers to the occupation of athletes who compete
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "Actions" refers to the state of being active, which is defined as "something
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	Answer: The sentence "Anyway, the debate deals with if that type of behavior not prohibited specifically by the reg
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "Actions" refers to the state of being active, which is defined as "something
semeval2013.d006.s009.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "sport" in this context refers to the occupation of athletes who compete
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "regulation" in the given sentence is "the act of controlling or directing
semeval2013.d006.s009.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sense" in the given sentence is "the faculty through which the external world
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "matter" in the given sentence is "a vaguely specified concern."
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "type" in the given sentence is "printed characters." The sentence is referring to
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "damage" in the given sentence is "loss of military equipment."
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	Response: The most suitable meaning for "spirit" in the given sentence is "the general atmosphere of a place or situation
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advantages" in the given sentence is "physical integrity of the opposite players"
semeval2013.d006.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sport" in the given sentence is "verbal wit or mockery (o
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "spirit" in the given sentence is "the general atmosphere of a place or situation
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "integrity" in the given sentence is "moral soundness." The sentence describes
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who pursues a number of
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "aspect" in the given sentence is "a distinct feature or element in a problem,
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "actions" in the given sentence is "the series of events that form a plot."
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "danger" in the given sentence is "a venture undertaken without regard to
semeval2013.d006.s011.t008	Answer: The sentence "One of the advantages that include the sport spirit is the physical integrity of the opposite players, aspect that
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advantages" in the given sentence is "benefit resulting from some event or
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d006.s012.t002	The most suitable meaning for "lawbreaker" in the given sentence is "someone who violates the law." The
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who pursues a number of
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advantage" in the given sentence is "first point scored after deuce."
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "thing" in the given sentence is "an entity that is not named specifically" (
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "action" in the given sentence is "the series of events that form a plot."
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "players" refers to someone who participates in or is skilled at playing
semeval2013.d006.s013.t003	The sentence "However, the paradoxical thing about the action of the players of Real Madrid is that it did not
semeval2013.d006.s013.t004	Answer: The sentence "However, the paradoxical thing about the action of the players of Real Madrid is that it
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	According to the given text, "rules" in the sentence "However, the paradoxical thing about the action
semeval2013.d006.s013.t006	According to the given sentence, "sanction" in the following sentence means the act of final authorization.
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "action" in the given sentence is "the series of events that form a plot."
semeval2013.d006.s013.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "punishment" refers to the act of punishing, which is the act
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "referee" in this context refers to the person who is responsible for ensuring
semeval2013.d006.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sanction" in the given sentence is "a mechanism of social control for enforcing
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "complaints" in the given sentence is (civil law) a pleading describing
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "question" in the given sentence is "an informal reference to a marriage proposal."
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "type" in the following sentence is "printed characters
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advantage" in the given sentence is "first point scored after deuce." The
semeval2013.d006.s015.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "violators" in the given sentence is "assaults on others sexually
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	Response: The most suitable meaning for "actions" in the given sentence is "the series of events that form a plot."
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "situation" refers to the combination of circumstances at a given time. Therefore
semeval2013.d006.s016.t001	The correct definition for "rival" in the given sentence is "a person or thing that is competing with or trying to
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "benefit" in this context means something that aids or promotes well
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" in this context refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner,
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "result" in this context means the outcome or final result of an action or event
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "action" in this context refers to the process of leaving a team with less players
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	Answer: The sentence "Here it seems necessary to state that it isn't a disadvantageous situation for rival
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "players" refers to someone who participates in or is skilled at a
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	Answer: The sentence "And neither is it a useful strategy for the next game, because the club will not be able to
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" in this context refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner.
semeval2013.d006.s017.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "club" in the given sentence is "a formal association of people with similar interests."
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who participates in or is sk
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The correct definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is "the quality of having a superior or more favorable position
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fact" in the given sentence is "a piece of information about circumstances that exist or
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who pursues a number of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	Response: The correct definition for "phase" in the given sentence is (physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Championship" in the given sentence is "the act of providing approval and
semeval2013.d006.s018.t005	The most suitable meaning for "cards" in the given sentence is "a list of dishes available at a restaurant."
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The correct definition for "participation" in the given sentence is "the act of sharing in the activities of a group
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" refers to the fact that the players will begin the following phase of the
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "term" refers to a limited period of time, as it is used to describe
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	According to the given sentence, "advantage" refers to a long-term advantage, with a certain degree of ind
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "degree" refers to a specific identifiable position in a continuum or process
semeval2013.d006.s019.t003	The sentence "But it is about a long term advantage, with a certain degree of indetermination, because the team
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	Answer: The sentence "But it is about a long term advantage, with a certain degree of indetermination, because
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "change" refers to a long-term advantage, with a certain degree of ind
semeval2013.d006.s019.t006	Answer: The sentence "But it is about a long term advantage, with a certain degree of indetermination, because
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "action" refers to a long-term advantage, with a certain degree of ind
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "players" refers to a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s019.t009	According to the given sentence, "sanction" refers to a mechanism of social control for enforcing a society's
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner, which is a
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "cycle" refers to a recurring sequence of events that occur over a certain
semeval2013.d006.s019.t012	The sentence "But it is about a long term advantage, with a certain degree of indetermination, because the team
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	Response: According to the given sentence, "suspension" refers to a temporary cessation or suspension of
semeval2013.d006.s019.t014	Response: According to the given sentence, "card" refers to a card certifying the identity of the bearer.
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	According to the given sentence, "accumulation" refers to the act of adding to a group or collection without pay
semeval2013.d006.s019.t016	Response: According to the given sentence, "place" refers to a specific location or area that is designated for a particular purpose
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	Response: According to the given sentence, "cycle" refers to a recurring sequence of events that occur over a certain
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	Response: According to the given text, "rounds" refers to a charge of ammunition for a single shot,
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advantage" in the given sentence is "benefit resulting from some event or
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "actions" refers to the strategic decisions that favor taking advantages allowed by the
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "spirit" refers to the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "part" refers to the strategic decisions that favor taking advantages allowed by the
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "decisions" is "the act of making up
semeval2013.d006.s021.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advantages" in the given sentence is "first point scored after deuce." The
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "rules" is "prescribed guide for conduct or action
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	Answer: The sentence "Regarding this assumption, the players did not act in order to avoid the application of the sanction
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "players" refers to someone who participates in or is skilled at a
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "application" refers to the act of bringing something to bear for a particular purpose.
semeval2013.d006.s022.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "sanction" refers to the formal and explicit approval or permission given by a
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The sentence "Regarding this assumption, the players did not act in order to avoid the application of the sanction (this
semeval2013.d006.s022.t005	The sentence "Regarding this assumption, the players did not act in order to avoid the application of the sanction ( this
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "decision" in the given sentence is (boxing) a victory won on points when
semeval2013.d006.s023.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "punishment" in the given sentence is "the act of punishing."
semeval2013.d006.s024.t000	Answer: The sentence "Although the border between the wittiness and the law fraud is diffuse, in this
semeval2013.d006.s024.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Although the border between the wittiness and the law fraud is diff
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "law" refers to the legal document setting forth rules governing a particular kind of
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "fraud" in this context refers to a deliberate trickery intended to gain
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "occasion" in this context refers to a social event or a vaguely
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "case" in this context refers to a specific situation or circumstance that is being
semeval2013.d006.s024.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Although the border between the wittiness and the law fraud is diff
semeval2013.d006.s025.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "controversy" in the given sentence is "a dispute where there is strong
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "factors" in the given sentence is "one of two integers that can be exactly
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "expulsions" in the given sentence is "the act of expelling or project
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	Response: The sentence "The controversy seems to arise from two factors: because it was about two auto expulsions and
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	Response: The correct definition for "transmission" in the given sentence is "the act of sending a message; causing a
semeval2013.d006.s025.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "directive" in the given sentence is "a pronouncement encouraging or b
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	Answer: The damage brought about to the principles of the sport by these actions is not as much ethical as aesth
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	Response: The definition of "principles" in the given sentence is "a basic generalization that is accepted as true
semeval2013.d006.s026.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "sport" in the given sentence is "a person known for the way she (
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	Response: The sentence "The damage brought about to the principles of the sport by these actions is not as much ethical as
semeval2013.d007.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "microbe" in the following sentence is "a minute life form (especially
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "possibility" in the given sentence is "capability of existing or happening or being
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "types" is "a subdivision of a particular
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the given sentence is "a productive insight."
semeval2013.d007.s001.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "bacteria" in the given sentence is "single-celled or noncellular
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the given sentence is "a very poisonous metallic
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nutrients" in the given sentence is "any substance (such as a
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	Answer: The discovery of a strange bacteria that can use arsenic as one of its nutrients widens
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	Response: The definition of "forms" in the given sentence is "a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality
semeval2013.d007.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes themselves
semeval2013.d007.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bacteria" in the following sentence is "important as pathogens and for
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the given sentence is "the planet we live on" as it
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	Response: The sentence "While researchers discovered the unusual bacteria here in Earth, they say it shows that life
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "possibilities" in the given sentence is "capability of existing or happening or
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "elements" in the given sentence is "substance" as it refers to the four
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "organism" in the given sentence is "a system considered analogous in structure or
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "capability" in the given sentence is "the susceptibility of something to a
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is "a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the given sentence is "a very poisonous metallic
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "form" in the sentence "That makes it very peculiar
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "life" in the sentence "That makes it very peculiar
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	Response: According to the definition provided, the most suitable meaning for "report" in the sentence "That makes it very peculiar
semeval2013.d007.s005.t003	The correct answer is (2) "the fourth working day."
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "edition" in the sentence "That makes it very peculiar, though it falls short
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "journal" in the given sentence is a ledger in which transactions have been recorded as
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "elements" in the given sentence is "an artifact that is one of the individual parts
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	Response: The correct definition for "life" in the given sentence is "the experience of being alive; the course of human
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "carbon" in the given sentence is "an abundant nonmetallic t
semeval2013.d007.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hydrogen" in the following sentence is "a nonmetallic univalent
semeval2013.d007.s006.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nitrogen" in the following sentence is "a constituent of all living t
semeval2013.d007.s006.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "oxygen" in the given sentence is "a nonmetallic bivalent
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence is "a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s006.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sulfur" in the given sentence is "an abundant tasteless od
semeval2013.d007.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes himself
semeval2013.d007.s007.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bacteria" in the following sentence is "noncellular spherical or spir
semeval2013.d007.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Calif." in the given sentence is "a state in the western United States on
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the sentence "But the researchers found that the bacter
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence is "a planet (usually Venus
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "report" refers to the act of informing by verbal report.
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "find" in the given sentence is "the act of discovering something."
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "search" in the given sentence is "an investigation seeking answers."
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	Response: The correct definition for "life" in the given sentence is "the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organ
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the given sentence is "the planet we live on" because research
semeval2013.d007.s009.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "researchers" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes themselves to
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	Response: The correct definition for "life" in the given sentence is "the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organ
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	Response: The correct definition for "life" in the given sentence is "the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organ
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "study" in the given sentence is "a detailed critical inspection" as it
semeval2013.d007.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "microbe" in the given sentence is "a minute life form" (es
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the given sentence is "the planet we live on" as it
semeval2013.d007.s011.t000	Answer: The sentence "However, the announcement of a news conference to discuss it, which did not disclose details of
semeval2013.d007.s011.t001	Answer: The sentence "However, the announcement of a news conference to discuss it, which did not disclose details of
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	Answer: The sentence "However, the announcement of a news conference to discuss it, which did not disclose details of
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "find" in the given sentence is "the act of discovering something."
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	Answer: The sentence "However, the announcement of a news conference to discuss it, which did not disclose details of
semeval2013.d007.s011.t005	Answer: The sentence "However, the announcement of a news conference to discuss it, which did not disclose details of
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "report" in the given sentence is "a written evaluation of a student's scholar
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is "a productive insight."
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	Answer: The definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is (law) compulsory pretrial dis
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "environments" in the given sentence is "the area in which something exists or lives
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "organisms" refers to living things that have the ability to act or function independently
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "elements" in the sentence "The discovery " does show
semeval2013.d007.s013.t004	The correct definition for "biochemistry" in the given sentence is "the study of the chemical processes that occur in living
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable definition for "set" in the sentence "The discovery'does show
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "elements" in the sentence "The discovery " does show
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "life" in the sentence "The discovery " does show
semeval2013.d007.s013.t008	The most suitable meaning for "professor" in the given sentence is "someone who is a member of the faculty
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	Response: The sentence "The discovery " does show that in other planetary environments organisms might be able to use other elements
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	Answer: The definition of "Sciences" in the given sentence is "a particular branch of scientific knowledge."
semeval2013.d007.s013.t011	The most suitable meaning for "Open University" in the given sentence is "a British university that is open to people without formal
semeval2013.d007.s013.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "United Kingdom" in the given sentence is "United Kingdom" (noun
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "Cockell was not part of the research team" means that Cockell
semeval2013.d007.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "research" in the given sentence is "a search for knowledge."
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	Response: According to the given text, the definition for "work" in the sentence "This work is novel because it shows
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	Answer: The definition of "substitution" in the given sentence is "the act of putting one thing or person in the
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	Answer: The definition for "element" in the given sentence is "a substance that cannot be separated into simpler substances
semeval2013.d007.s015.t003	Answer: The definition of "biochemistry" in the given sentence is "the organic chemistry of compounds and
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "structure" in the sentence "This work is novel because
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is "something that is discovered."
semeval2013.d007.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "NASA" in the given sentence is "an independent agency of the United
semeval2013.d007.s017.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Astrobiology" in the given sentence is "the branch of biology
semeval2013.d007.s017.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Institute" in the given sentence is "an association organized to promote science and education
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	Response: The most suitable meaning for "study" in the given sentence is "a detailed critical inspection" as it
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the sentence "Felisa Wolfe-Simon of
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "levels" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continu
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is "a white powdered poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence is "a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s018.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "microbe" in the given sentence is "a minute life form" (not
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is "a very poisonous metallic
semeval2013.d007.s019.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chemical" in the given sentence is "material produced by or used in a reaction
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is "the action or reaction of something (as a
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is "a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "result" in the given sentence is "solution" as it solves the problem and
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "organisms" in the given sentence is "a system considered analogous in structure or
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hard time" in the given sentence is "a term served in a maximum security prison
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "elements" in the given sentence is "one of the more than 100
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is "a very poisonous metallic element
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is "a multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s021.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "machinery" in the given sentence is "a system of means and activities
semeval2013.d007.s022.t000	Answer: The researchers who collected the bacteria known as GFAJ-1 and exposed it to increasing concentrations
semeval2013.d007.s022.t001	Answer: The researchers collected the bacteria known as GFAJ-1 and exposed it to increasing concentrations of
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "concentrations" in the given sentence is "great and constant dilig
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the sentence "The researchers collected the bacteria known
semeval2013.d007.s023.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "microbe" in the following sentence is "a minute life form" (not
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence is "a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence is "a white powdered poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "possibility" in the given sentence is "capability of existing or happening or being
semeval2013.d007.s023.t004	The most suitable meaning for "life form" in the given sentence is "the characteristic bodily form of a mature organ
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence is "a white powdered poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the following sentence is "the planet we live on" as it
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "planet" in the given sentence is "a celestial body (other than
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "moon" in the following sentence is "natural satellite of the Earth."
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence is "a white powdered poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s024.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "assistant professor" refers to a lower rank than an associate professor. Therefore,
semeval2013.d007.s024.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "microbiology" in the given sentence is "the branch of biology that
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "idea" in the following sentence is "a personal view."
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence is "a very poisonous metallic
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence is "a planet (usually Venus
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	Response: The correct definition for "example" in the given sentence is "an item of information that is typical of a class
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is "a very poisonous metallic
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	Response: The definition for "times" in the given sentence is "a period of time considered as a resource under your control
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the given sentence is "earth" as it is the planet
semeval2013.d007.s025.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the given sentence is "a scientist who devotes themselves
semeval2013.d007.s025.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "life forms" in the given sentence is "the characteristic bodily form of a m
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "ways" refers to the general category of things that are used in the expression "
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "life" in the sentence "It does suggest that that
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "life" in the sentence "It does suggest that that
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the sentence "It does suggest that
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	Response: According to the given material, "part" in the sentence "It does suggest that that there could be other ways
semeval2013.d007.s026.t005	Answer: According to the given material, "research" in the sentence "It does suggest that that there could be other
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "team" in this context suggests that there could be other ways to form life,
semeval2013.d007.s027.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "research" in the given sentence is "a search for knowledge."
semeval2013.d007.s027.t001	Answer: The research was supported by NASA, the Department of Energy, and the National Institutes of Health.
semeval2013.d007.s027.t002	Answer: The Department of Energy (DOE) is the federal department responsible for maintaining a national energy policy of the United
semeval2013.d007.s027.t003	Answer: The research was supported by the National Institutes of Health (NIH), which is the principal biomedical research
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "routine" in the given sentence is "a set sequence of steps, part of
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	Answer: Definition 5: the financial means whereby one lives.
semeval2013.d008.s001.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the given sentence is "the political system in which the supreme
semeval2013.d008.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Latin America" in the given sentence is "the parts of North America and South
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "backing" in the given sentence is "financial resources provided to make some
semeval2013.d008.s001.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "private enterprise" in the given sentence is "an economy that relies chiefly
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Crime" in the given sentence is "an evil act not necessarily punishable
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "worry" in the given sentence is "a strong feeling of anxiety."
semeval2013.d008.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "unemployment" in the given sentence is "the state of being unemploy
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Brazil" in the given sentence is "the largest Latin American country and the
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "United States" in the given sentence is "the executive and legislative and jud
semeval2013.d008.s003.t002	Response: The correct definition for "region" in the given sentence is "a part of an animal that has a special function
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "findings" in the given sentence is "something that is found."
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "poll" in the given sentence is "an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interview
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "countries" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "poll" in the given sentence is "a tame parrot."
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	Response: The sentence "Because the poll has been taken regularly since 1995, it tracks changes in attitude
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attitude" in the given sentence is "the arrangement of the body and its lim
semeval2013.d008.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "region" in the given sentence is "a part of an animal that has a special
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "things" in the sentence "Two related things stand out in the results of this year
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "results" in the following sentence is "something that results." The sentence "Two related
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "year" in the given sentence is "a period of time occupying a regular part
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "poll" in the given sentence is "a tame parrot."
semeval2013.d008.s006.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "October" in the given sentence is "the month following September and preceding November."
semeval2013.d008.s007.t000	Answer: The first is Latin America's fairly sunny mood.
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mood" in the given sentence is "verb inflections that express how the action
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	Answer: The second is the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites, which is 1
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	Answer: The second is the increasing stability of attitudes towards democracy and its core institutions. This refers to the fact that
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	Answer: The second is the increasing stability of attitudes towards democracy and its core institutions. This refers to the fact that
semeval2013.d008.s008.t003	Answer: The second is the increasing stability of attitudes towards democracy and its core institutions. This definition suggests that democracy
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "institutions" refers to the organization founded and united for a specific purpose
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	Answer: The definition of "Support" in the given sentence is "the activity of providing for or maintaining by supplying
semeval2013.d008.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the given sentence is "the doctrine that the numerical majority of an
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "countries" in the given sentence is "the territory occupied by a nation or country
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "South America" in the given sentence is "the nations of the South American continent
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	Answer: The sentence "Support for democracy has risen noticeably in several countries on the Pacific rim of South America"
semeval2013.d008.s010.t000	Answer: The sentence "For example in Peru, where economic growth has averaged 6 % a year since 20
semeval2013.d008.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Peru" in the given sentence is "a republic in western South America" as
semeval2013.d008.s010.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "economic growth" in the given sentence is "steady growth in the
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	Answer: The sentence "For example in Peru, where economic growth has averaged 6 % a year since 20
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	Response: The sentence "For example in Peru, where economic growth has averaged 6 % a year since 20
semeval2013.d008.s010.t005	Answer: The definition of "democracy" in the given sentence is "the political system in which the supreme power lies
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "low" in the given sentence is "a low level or position or degree."
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	Answer: The sentence "For example in Peru, where economic growth has averaged 6 % a year since 20
semeval2013.d008.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the given sentence is "a republic in southern North America"
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	Answer: The definition of "economy" in the given sentence is "the efficient use of resources."
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	Answer: The definition for "drop" in the sentence "It also rose in Mexico, where the economy has recovered after suffering
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "output" in the given sentence is "signal that comes out of an electronic system."
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "year" refers to a period of time that contains 365 days and
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "half" in the given sentence is "one of two divisions into which some games or performances
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "respondents" in the sentence "But only around half
semeval2013.d008.s012.t002	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the sentence "But only around
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is "the largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s012.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "region" in the given sentence is "a part of an animal that has a special function
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the sentence "But only around half
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "democrats" in the sentence "But only around
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "average" in the given sentence is "a statistic describing the location of a distribution
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "chart" in the sentence "But only around half of
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is "someone who responds."
semeval2013.d008.s013.t001	Response: The correct definition for "region" in the given sentence is "a large indefinite location on the surface of
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "country" in the sentence "Some 44 %
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the sentence "Some 44
semeval2013.d008.s013.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "practice" in the given sentence is "systematic training by multiple repetitions."
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	Response: The definition for "figure" in the given sentence is a diagram or picture illustrating textual material.
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	Response: The correct definition for "year" in the given sentence is a period of time occupying a regular part of a
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "increase" in the given sentence is "a process of becoming larger or longer or
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	Answer: The definition for "chart" in the given sentence is a visual display of information.
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "confidence" in the given sentence is "a secret that is confided or entr
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	Answer: The sentence "Some 34 % said they had confidence in their country's Congress and 45 %
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "Congress" in the given sentence is "the legislature of the United States government
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "government" refers to the organization that is the governing authority of a
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "year" refers to a period of time that is used for some particular activity.
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	Response: The sentence "Some 34 % said they had confidence in their country's Congress and 45 %
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "decade" in the given sentence is "a period of 10 years."
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "woes" in the given sentence is "intense mournfulness."
semeval2013.d008.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Latin America" in the given sentence is "the parts of North America and South
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	Answer: The definition of "support" in the given sentence is "aiding the cause or policy or interests of" (
semeval2013.d008.s015.t004	Answer: The definition of "democracy" in the given sentence is "the political orientation of those who favor government by the
semeval2013.d008.s016.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "world" in the given sentence is "people in general considered as a whole."
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "countries" refers to the territory occupied by a nation or country.
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "recession" in this context refers to a brief economic downturn that
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recovery" in the given sentence is "gradual healing (through rest)
semeval2013.d008.s017.t000	Answer: In addition, a stronger social safety net has helped to shield the poor from the negative effects of the pandemic.
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "safety net" in the given sentence is "a large strong net to catch
semeval2013.d008.s018.t000	Answer: The United Nations is an organization of independent states formed in 1945 to promote international peace and security.
semeval2013.d008.s018.t001	The correct answer is (The United Nations'Economic Commission for Latin America reported this week that the proportion of Latin Americans living
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "week" in the given sentence is "a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday."
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "proportion" in the given sentence is "harmonious arrangement or relation of
semeval2013.d008.s018.t004	The most suitable meaning for "poverty" in the given sentence is "the state of having little or no money and
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "year" in the given sentence is "a period of time occupying a regular part
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mood" in the given sentence is "verb inflections that express how the action
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "country" in the given sentence is "the territory occupied by a nation or country."
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "country" in the given sentence is "the territory occupied by a nation or country."
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chart" in the given sentence is "a visual display of information."
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Brazil" in the given sentence is "the largest Latin American country and the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "performance" in this context refers to the popularity of Brazil's out
semeval2013.d008.s020.t002	The correct definition for "popularity" in the given sentence is "the quality of being widely admired or accepted or
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "president" in the given sentence is "the chief administrative officer of a college or university
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sense" in the given sentence is "the faculty through which the external world
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "progress" in the given sentence is "the act of moving forward (as toward a
semeval2013.d008.s021.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the given sentence is "a republic in southern North America"
semeval2013.d008.s021.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Central America" in the given sentence is "the nations of Central America collectively
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "recession" refers to the state of the economy declining, which is
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "crime" in the given sentence is "an evil act not necessarily punishable
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	Response: The correct definition for "time" in the given sentence is "a period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "polls" in the given sentence is "a tame parrot."
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is "someone who responds."
semeval2013.d008.s022.t003	The correct definition for "Latin America" in the given sentence is "Latin America" refers to the parts of North
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "whole" in the given sentence is "an assemblage of parts that is regarded as
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "crime" in the given sentence is "an evil act not necessarily punishable by
semeval2013.d008.s022.t006	The correct definition for "unemployment" in the given sentence is "the state of being unemployed or not
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "problem" in the given sentence is "a source of difficulty."
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "country" in the sentence "For only the second time
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "chart" in the given sentence is a visual display of information.
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "relative" in the given sentence is "an animal or plant that bears a relationship
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "victims" in the given sentence is "an unfortunate person who suff
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "crime" in the given sentence is "an evil act not necessarily punishable
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	Response: The sentence "Some 31 % say that either they or a close relative have been victims of crime over
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	Response: The sentence "Some 31 % say that either they or a close relative have been victims of crime over
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, the definition for "figure" is a diagram or picture illustrating textual material.
semeval2013.d008.s024.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "performance" in the given sentence is "the act of presenting a play or a
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "support" in the sentence "A more robust economic performance
semeval2013.d008.s024.t002	Answer: According to the given material, "private enterprise" refers to an economy that relies chiefly on market forces
semeval2013.d008.s024.t003	The most suitable meaning for "market economy" in the given sentence is "an economy that relies chiefly on market forces
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "respondents" in the sentence "A more robust economic performance is reflected in rising support
semeval2013.d008.s024.t005	Response: The correct definition for "region" in the given sentence is "a large indefinite location on the surface of
semeval2013.d008.s024.t006	Answer: According to the given material, "private enterprise" refers to an economy that relies chiefly on market forces
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "development" in the sentence "A more robust economic performance
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chart" in the given sentence is "a map designed to assist navigation by air or
semeval2013.d008.s025.t000	The most suitable meaning for "market economy" in the given sentence is "an economy that relies chiefly on market forces
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "system" in the sentence "Some 58 %
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "country" refers to the territory occupied by a nation or country. Therefore, the
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "year" in the sentence is "a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "respondents" refers to the 62% of Venezuelans who hold
semeval2013.d008.s026.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Venezuela" refers to the country in South America, which is a republic
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "view" in the sentence "Interestingly, 62 % of respond
semeval2013.d008.s026.t003	The sentence "Interestingly, 62% of respondents in Venezuela hold that view (and 80%
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "president" refers to the person who holds the office of head of state of
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	Answer: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the sentence "Interestingly
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Brazil" in the sentence "Brazil is the country which exercises
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "country" in the sentence "Brazil is the
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	Answer: The definition of "leadership" in the given sentence is the ability to lead.
semeval2013.d008.s027.t003	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "region" in the sentence "Brazil is the
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	Response: The correct definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is "someone who responds."
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "year" in the sentence "Brazil is the
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	Response: According to the given material, Brazil is the country that exercises most leadership in the region, as mentioned by
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "year" in the sentence "Brazil is the
semeval2013.d008.s027.t008	Based on the given sentence, "Brazil is the country which exercises most leadership in the region" and
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "year" in the sentence "Brazil is the
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "United States" in the given sentence is "the executive and legislative and jud
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	Response: The correct definition for "country" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under a single
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "respondents" in the given sentence is "the codefendant who is accused of
semeval2013.d008.s028.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the given sentence is "a republic in southern North America"
semeval2013.d008.s028.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Central America" in the given sentence is "the nations of Central America collectively
semeval2013.d008.s028.t005	The most suitable meaning for "Venezuela" in the given sentence is "a republic in northern South America on the Car
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "distinction" in the given sentence is "a distinguishing difference."
semeval2013.d008.s028.t007	The most suitable meaning for "Ecuador" in the given sentence is "a republic in northwestern South America" as it
semeval2013.d008.s028.t008	The most suitable meaning for "Dominican Republic" in the given sentence is "a republic in the West Indies"
semeval2013.d008.s028.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Nicaragua" in the given sentence is "a republic in Central America"
semeval2013.d009.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "healthcare" in the given sentence is "the preservation of mental and physical
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "law" in the given sentence is "the legal document setting forth rules governing a
semeval2013.d009.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "challengers" in the given sentence is "the contestant(s) you
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	Response: According to the given text, "court" in the sentence "Scalia and Thomas dine with healthcare law
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	Response: The sentence "Scalia and Thomas dine with healthcare law challengers as court takes case" refers to the
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	Response: The correct definition for "day" in the given sentence is "a day assigned to a particular purpose or observance
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "Supreme Court" in the given sentence is the highest federal court in the United States
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	Answer: The definition for "question" in the given sentence is an instance of questioning.
semeval2013.d009.s001.t003	Answer: The definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is a formal objection to the selection of a particular person
semeval2013.d009.s001.t004	Answer: The definition of "healthcare" in the given sentence is "the preservation of mental and physical health by
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	Answer: The definition of "law" in the given sentence is "a generalization that describes recurring facts or events
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	Answer: The definition of "justices" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	Answer: The definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is a party of people assembled to have dinner together.
semeval2013.d009.s001.t008	Answer: The definition for "law firm" in the given sentence is a firm of lawyers.
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The sentence "The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed doors to consider the politically divisive question of whether it would hear
semeval2013.d009.s001.t010	The correct definition for "high court" in the given sentence is "the highest court in most states of the United States."
semeval2013.d009.s002.t000	Answer: The occasion in the given sentence refers to a specific social event, which is last Thursday, when all nine
semeval2013.d009.s002.t001	The correct definition for "Thursday" in the given sentence is the fifth day of the week, which is the fourth
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "justices" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	Answer: The sentence "The occasion was last Thursday, when all nine justices met for a conference to pour over
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "petitions" in the given sentence is "reverent petition to a de
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "review" in this context refers to a judicial reexamination of the
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cases" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances."
semeval2013.d009.s003.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "issue" refers to the act of providing an item for general use or for official
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "suit" refers to a set of garments (usually including a jacket
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "states" refers to the group of people comprising the government of a sover
semeval2013.d009.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "healthcare" in the given sentence is "the preservation of mental and physical
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "overhaul" in the given sentence is "the act of improving by renew
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Congress" in the given sentence is "a national legislative assembly."
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "year" in the given sentence is "a period of time occupying a regular part
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "law" in the given sentence is "the branch of philosophy concerned with the law and
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rallying cry" in the given sentence is "a yell intended to r
semeval2013.d009.s003.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "activists" in the given sentence is "a militant reformer."
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "justices" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "suit" in the given sentence is "a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "hour" in the given sentence is "a special and memorable period."
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	Response: The definition of "argument" in the given sentence is a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "March" in the given sentence is "a procession of people walking together."
semeval2013.d009.s004.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "outcome" in the given sentence is "a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	Response: The most suitable meaning for "race" in the given sentence is "a division of a species."
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	Response: The correct definition for "swing" in the given sentence is "a style of jazz played by big bands popular in
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	Response: The correct definition for "time" in the given sentence is "a period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	Response: The correct definition for "court" in the given sentence is "a room in which a lawcourt sits."
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "decision" in the given sentence is "the act of making up your mind about something
semeval2013.d009.s005.t000	Answer: The lawyer who will stand before the court and argue that the law should be thrown out is likely to be Paul Clement
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "court" refers to a room in which a lawcourt sits.
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "law" in the given sentence is "the branch of philosophy concerned with the law and
semeval2013.d009.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "law firm" in the given sentence is "a group of lawyers."
semeval2013.d009.s006.t001	The most suitable meaning for "two dozen" in the given sentence is "the cardinal number that is the sum of 2
semeval2013.d009.s006.t002	The most suitable meaning for "firms" in the given sentence is "members of a business organization that owns or oper
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the given sentence is "a party of people assembled to have
semeval2013.d009.s006.t004	The most suitable meaning for "legal principles" in the given sentence is "a principle underlying the formulation of jurisprud
semeval2013.d009.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "firm" in the given sentence is "members of a business organization that owns
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the given sentence is "a party of people assembled to have
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "law" in the given sentence is "the legal document setting forth rules governing a
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sponsor" in the given sentence is "an advocate who presents a person
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "giant" in the given sentence is "an unusually large enterprise."
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "stake" in the following sentence is "a financial involvement with something."
semeval2013.d009.s008.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "outcome" in the given sentence is "a phenomenon that follows and is caused
semeval2013.d009.s008.t004	Answer: Litigation is a legal proceeding in a court that determines and enforces legal rights.
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the given sentence is "a party of people assembled to have
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	Answer: The definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is "the capital of the United States in the District of
semeval2013.d009.s009.t002	Answer: The sentence "The dinner was held at a Washington hotel hours after the court's conference over the case" means
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hours" in the given sentence is "clock time." The phrase "hours
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	Response: The definition for "court" in the given sentence is "a room in which a lawcourt sits."
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conference" in the given sentence is "a discussion among participants who have an agreed
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	Answer: The definition of "case" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances" (meaning "a
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attendance" in the given sentence is "the number of people that are present."
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Senate" in the given sentence is "the upper house of the United States
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "opponent" in the given sentence is "someone who offers opposition."
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guests" in the sentence "The featured guests at the dinner? Scalia
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the given sentence is "a party of people assembled to have
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "justices" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "events" in this context refers to the two justices' attendance at Federal
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "years" in the sentence refers to a period of time that is used for
semeval2013.d009.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nothing" in the given sentence is "a quantity of no importance."
semeval2013.d009.s013.t001	Answer: The definition of "ethics" in the given sentence is "a system of principles governing morality and acceptable
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	Response: According to the given text, "rules" in the sentence "And it's nothing that runs afoul of
semeval2013.d009.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fact" in the given sentence is "a piece of information about circumstances that exist or
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "justices" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s014.t002	Answer: The sentence "In fact, justices are exempt from the Code of Conduct that governs the actions of
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "actions" in the given sentence is "the state of being active" as it is
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "justices" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "code" in the given sentence is "a set of rules or principles or laws (
semeval2013.d009.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Canon" in the given sentence is "a contrapuntal piece of music
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "judge" refers to a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "events" in the given sentence is "a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "organizations" in the given sentence is "the act of forming or establishing something
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "judge" refers to a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "speaker" in the given sentence is "electro-acoustic transdu
semeval2013.d009.s015.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "guest of honor" in the given sentence is "a person in whose honor a
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "program" in the given sentence is "a series of steps to be carried out or
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "event" in the given sentence is "a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	Answer: The definition of "proximity" in the given sentence is "the property of being close together."
semeval2013.d009.s016.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "law firms" in the given sentence is "a firm of lawyers."
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	Answer: The sentence "Nevertheless, the sheer proximity of Scalia and Thomas to two of the law
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	Answer: According to the given text, "Nevertheless, the sheer proximity of Scalia and Thomas to
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	Answer: The sentence "Nevertheless, the sheer proximity of Scalia and Thomas to two of the law
semeval2013.d009.s016.t005	Answer: Despite the fact that the sentence mentions that "Nevertheless, the sheer proximity of Scalia and
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "breach" in the given sentence is "an opening (especially a gap in a
semeval2013.d009.s017.t001	Answer: The definition of "ethics" in the given sentence is "a system of principles governing morality and acceptable
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "indifference" in the given sentence is "the trait of lacking enthusiasm for
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "code" in the given sentence is "a set of rules or principles or laws (es
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "claims" in the given sentence is "an assertion that something is true or fact
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "justices" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	Response: According to the given text, "court" in the sentence "This stunning breach of ethics and ind
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	Answer: The definition of "rules" in the given sentence is "a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior"
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "president" in the given sentence is "the chief administrative officer of a college or university
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "justices" in the given sentence is "a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "fundraiser" in the given sentence is "a social function that is held for the
semeval2013.d009.s018.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "attorneys" in the given sentence is "a professional person authorized to practice
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	Answer: The corresponding definition for "cases" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances."
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "court" refers to a room in which a lawcourt sits.
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "appearance" in the given sentence is "unacceptable." The sentence states that
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "assistance" refers to the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "event" in the given sentence is "something that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "claims" in the given sentence is "demand for something as rightful
semeval2013.d009.s019.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "impartiality" refers to the ability to judge and evaluate events or situations im
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "regard" in the following sentence means "paying particular notice (as to
semeval2013.d009.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "critics" in the given sentence is "someone who frequently finds fault or makes
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "business" in the given sentence is "incidental activity performed by an actor
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	Response: According to the given text, "court" in the sentence "Scalia and Thomas have shown little regard for critics
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "groups" in the given sentence is "a set that is closed, associative,
semeval2013.d009.s021.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wife" in the given sentence is "a man's partner in marriage."
semeval2013.d009.s021.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "activist" in the given sentence is "a militant reformer."
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "conservatives" refers to those who argue that Justice Elena Kagan has
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "Justice" in this context refers to the quality of being just or fair,
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	Response: According to the given text, "issue" in the sentence "Moreover, conservatives argue that it's
semeval2013.d009.s023.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "solicitor general" in the given sentence is "a law officer appointed to assist
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "administration" in the given sentence is "the act of governing; exercising
semeval2013.d009.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "challenges" in the given sentence is "a call to engage in a
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	Response: The correct definition for "law" in the given sentence is "the collection of rules imposed by authority, legal
semeval2013.d009.s023.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "trial court" in the given sentence is "the first court before which the facts of
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "level" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continuum
semeval2013.d009.s024.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "critics" in the given sentence is "someone who frequently finds fault or makes
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "case" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances."
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "law" in the given sentence is "the branch of philosophy concerned with the law and
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "indication" in this context means the act of indicating or pointing out by
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "familiarity" in the given sentence is "casual manner." The sentence refers
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who participates in or is sk
semeval2013.d010.s001.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Spain" in the given sentence is "a former colonial power."
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "games" refers to the number of international games played by the 22
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "side" refers to the surface forming part of the outside of an object. Therefore
semeval2013.d010.s002.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "Costa Rica" in the given sentence is "a republic in Central America" (i
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who participates in or is sk
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "games" in this context refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s003.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "contrast" in the given sentence is "the act of distinguishing by comparing differences."
semeval2013.d010.s003.t001	Answer: The correct meaning for "Costa Rica" in the given sentence is "a republic in Central America" (i
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "players" in the given sentence is "a person who participates in or is sk
semeval2013.d010.s003.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "countries" refers to the 22 players called by both countries for the
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	Answer: The corresponding definition for "game" in the given sentence is "an amusement or pastime."
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	Answer: The correct meaning for "today" in the given sentence is "the day that includes the present moment."
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "San Jose" in the given sentence is "a city in western California located at the southern
semeval2013.d010.s004.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Europe" in the given sentence is "the nations of the European continent collectively."
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "number one" in the given sentence is "the first or highest in an ordering or series
semeval2013.d010.s004.t002	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "top" in the sentence "While the Europe and
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "record" in the sentence "While the Europe and
semeval2013.d010.s004.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "selection" in the given sentence is "the act of choosing or selecting."
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "games" in the sentence "While the Europe
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "number" in the given sentence is "a short theatrical performance that is part
semeval2013.d010.s005.t001	The correct definition for "Friday" in the given sentence is "the sixth day of the week" (i.
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner, as mentioned in
semeval2013.d010.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Panama" in the given sentence is "a stiff hat made of straw
semeval2013.d010.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "football players" in the given sentence is "athletes who play American football."
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	Answer: The sentence "Spanish football players playing in the All-Star League and in powerful clubs of the Premier League of
semeval2013.d010.s006.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "clubs" in the given sentence is "a formal association of people with similar interests
semeval2013.d010.s006.t003	The most suitable meaning for "England" in the given sentence is "a division of the United Kingdom." The sentence refers
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	Answer: The sentence "Spanish football players playing in the All-Star League and in powerful clubs of the Premier League of
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	Answer: The sentence "Spanish football players playing in the All-Star League and in powerful clubs of the Premier League of
semeval2013.d010.s006.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cup" in the given sentence is "a cup-shaped concavity."
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "competitions" in the given sentence is "a competition in which two or more
semeval2013.d010.s006.t008	Response: According to the given text, "shocks" refers to the violent interaction of individuals or groups entering into combat
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experience" in the given sentence is "the accumulation of knowledge or skill
semeval2013.d010.s007.t001	Answer: The sentence "To this is added the Spanish Fury experience in complicated qualifications for Euro Cup and World Cup"
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "players" in the given sentence is "a theatrical performer."
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experience" in the given sentence is "the accumulation of knowledge or skill
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "area" in the sentence refers to the geographical region of CONCACAF
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "level" in the following sentence refers to a specific identifiable position in a continu
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "peak" in this context is "the highest point
semeval2013.d010.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "selection" in the given sentence is "assortment of things from which a choice
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is "defensive position on an ice hockey or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t003	The most suitable meaning for "Saturday" in the given sentence is "the seventh and last day of the week"
semeval2013.d010.s009.t004	The most suitable meaning for "England" in the given sentence is "a division of the United Kingdom." The sentence states
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "game" in this context refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner,
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "London" in the given sentence is "the capital and largest city of England."
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "record" in the sentence "We see that the peak
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is "defensive position on an ice hockey or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "matches" in the given sentence is "a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "today" in the given sentence is "the day that includes the present moment."
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "record" in the given sentence is "a list of crimes for which an accused
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "matches" refers to a formal contest in which two or more persons or teams comp
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "player" in the given sentence is "a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "matches" refers to a formal contest in which two or more persons or teams comp
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "week" in the given sentence is "a period of seven consecutive days starting on Sunday
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "player" in the sentence "Casillas and Xavi were recognized last week by
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "team" in the given sentence is "a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "matches" in the given sentence is "a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "striker" in the given sentence is "an employee on strike against an employ
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "number" in the given sentence is "a concept of quantity involving zero and units."
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "games" refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner, which is
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "On Costa Rican side, and close to Michael Umana, are the left
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "matches" in the given sentence is "a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "striker" in the given sentence is "someone who hits."
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "games" refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner, as indicated
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "matches" in the given sentence is "a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Spain" in the given sentence is "former colonial power."
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "side" refers to the left or right half of a body. Therefore, the
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "presences" in the given sentence is "the impression that something is present."
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "rest" in the given sentence is "a pause for relaxation."
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "games" in this context refers to a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s021.t001	Answer: In Costa Rica, Victor Bolivar is the only player with a single appearance, while Olman Vargas and
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "scorer" in the given sentence is "a player who makes a score in a game
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "goals" is "the place designated as the end
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	Response: The sentence "For Costa Rica, Bryan Ruiz is the one that registers more points, two more than Carlos
semeval2013.d011.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigration" in the given sentence is "the body of immigrants arriving
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "burden" in the given sentence is "central idea that is expanded in a document
semeval2013.d011.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "opportunity" in the given sentence is "a possibility due to a favorable
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "economy" in the given sentence is "an act of economizing; reduction
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Immigration" in the given sentence is "the body of immigrants arriv
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	Answer: The sentence "Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarkozy was criticized from various aspects, including a con
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "aspects" in the given sentence is "a distinct feature or element in a problem
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "congestion" in the given sentence is "excessive accumulation of blood or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "police" in the given sentence is "the force of policemen and officers."
semeval2013.d011.s001.t005	Answer: The definition of "services" in the given sentence is "the act of public worship following prescribed rules."
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	Answer: The sentence "Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarkozy was criticized from various aspects, including a con
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "numbers" in the given sentence is "the property possessed by a sum or total or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "compatibility" in the given sentence is "capability of existing or performing in harm
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	Answer: The sentence "Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarkozy was criticized from various aspects, including a con
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "status" in the given sentence is "the state or position of being in a particular
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	Answer: The sentence "Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarkozy was criticized from various aspects a congestion
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	Answer: The sentence "Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarkozy was criticized from various aspects a congestion
semeval2013.d011.s001.t013	Answer: The sentence "Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarkozy was criticized from various aspects, including a con
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "harassment" in the given sentence is "administrative harassment of
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "students" in the given sentence is "learned person" as "students
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "France" in the given sentence is "French writer of sophisticated nov
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "talent" in the given sentence is "a person who possesses unusual innate
semeval2013.d011.s002.t004	The correct definition for "bricklayers" in the given sentence is "a craftsman skilled in building with br
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "waiters" is a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "viewpoint" in the given sentence is "a place from which something can be viewed
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "lot" in the given sentence is "a large number or amount or extent" as
semeval2013.d011.s004.t001	Answer: Consensus is a collective judgment or opinion reached by a group as a whole.
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	Response: The correct definition for "Left" in the given sentence is "the side to the north when a person or object
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Right" in the given sentence is "the piece of ground in the outfield on
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "subject" refers to the main constituent of a sentence, which is the gram
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Right" in the given sentence is "the piece of ground in the outfield on the
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "tone" in the given sentence is "the quality of a person's voice or
semeval2013.d011.s005.t002	Answer: The sentence "On the Right, the tone was set by Jacques Chirac, who declared in 197
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	Answer: The sentence "On the Right, the tone was set by Jacques Chirac, who declared in 197
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "country" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under a single
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "workers" in the given sentence is a member of the working class (not necessarily employed
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "Left" in the given sentence is "the side to the north when a person or object
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "France" in the given sentence is a republic in western Europe, the largest country wholly
semeval2013.d011.s005.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "world" in the given sentence is "all of the living human inhabitants of the earth."
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	Answer: The sentence "On the Right, the tone was set by Jacques Chirac, who declared in 197
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "difference" in the given sentence is "the quality of being unlike or dissimilar."
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "degree" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continu
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "generosity" in the given sentence is "the trait of being willing to give your
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fear" in the given sentence is "an anxious feeling." The sentence "In
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "invasion" in the given sentence is "the act of an army that inv
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "territory" in the given sentence is "geographical area under the jurisdiction
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "hordes" in the given sentence is "a nomadic community."
semeval2013.d011.s007.t004	Answer: In 2005, the fear of invasion of the national territory by hordes of Polish plum
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "Left" in the given sentence is "the side to the north when a person or object
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "Right" in the given sentence is "the piece of ground in the outfield on the
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	Response: The sentence "Both sides see immigrants as a burden on the French economy and on French society"
semeval2013.d011.s008.t001	Both sides see immigrants as a burden on the French economy and on French society. The most suitable meaning for
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "burden" in the given sentence is "central idea that is expanded in a document
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	Both sides see immigrants as a burden on the French economy and on French society, as they contribute to the
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "society" in the given sentence is "a formal association of people with similar interests
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "difference" in the given sentence is "the quality of being unlike or dissimilar."
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	Response: The correct definition for "degree" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continuum
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "generosity" in the given sentence is "the trait of being willing to give your
semeval2013.d011.s009.t003	Answer: The only difference resides in the degree of generosity, which one deigns to grant to immigr
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	Answer: In his program, François Hollande confines himself to banalities, saying that co-development would allow
semeval2013.d011.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "banalities" in the given sentence is "trite or obvious remark."
semeval2013.d011.s010.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigration" in the given sentence is "the body of immigrants arriving
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	Answer: The sentence "In his program, François Hollande confines himself to banalities, saying that co-
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "notion" in the given sentence is "a vague idea in which some confidence is
semeval2013.d011.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigration" in the given sentence is "the body of immigrants arriving
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "burden" in the given sentence is "economically very costly."
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "problem" in the given sentence is "economically very costly."
semeval2013.d011.s011.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "asset" in the given sentence is "economically very costly."
semeval2013.d011.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "economists" in the given sentence is "an expert in the science of econom
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "book" in the given sentence is "a written work or composition that has been published (
semeval2013.d011.s012.t002	The correct definition for "knowledge" in the given sentence is "the psychological result of perception and learning and reasoning
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigration" in the given sentence is "the body of immigrants arriving
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "People" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Migration" in the given sentence is "the periodic passage of groups of animals (
semeval2013.d011.s012.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "World" in the given sentence is "all of the living human inhabitants of the earth."
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Future" in the given sentence is "bulk commodities bought or sold at
semeval2013.d011.s012.t008	The correct definition for "consensus" in the given sentence is "a widely accepted or agreed-upon opinion or judgment
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "specialists" in the given sentence is "practices one branch of medicine."
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "impact" in the given sentence is "influencing strongly."
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "migration" in the given sentence is "the movement of persons from one country or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "flows" in the given sentence is "continuous progression."
semeval2013.d011.s012.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "economic growth" in the given sentence is "steady growth in the
semeval2013.d011.s012.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wages" in the given sentence is "something that remunerates."
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "employment" in the given sentence is "the act of using."
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	Answer: The correct definition for "countries" in the given sentence is "a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d011.s012.t017	Answer: As per the definition provided in the given text, "immigrants" refers to a person who comes to a
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigration" in the given sentence is "the body of immigrants arriving
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	Response: The sentence "Restraining immigration leads to anaemic growth and harms employment" suggests that
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "employment" in the given sentence is "the act of using."
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Fears" in the following sentence is "an anxious feeling." The sentence "F
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "impact" in the given sentence is "influencing strongly."
semeval2013.d011.s014.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigrants" in the given sentence is "a person who comes to a country
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "notion" in the given sentence is "a vague idea in which some confidence is
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "workers" in the given sentence is "a person who acts and gets things done
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ones" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing." The phrase "
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pressure" in the given sentence is "the force applied to a unit area of
semeval2013.d011.s014.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wages" in the given sentence is "something that remunerates."
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "experience" in the given sentence is "the accumulation of knowledge or skill
semeval2013.d011.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reality" in the given sentence is "the state of the world as it really
semeval2013.d011.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigrants" in the given sentence is "complementary to" or "
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "replacements" in the given sentence is "exercising trades in which
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "labor" in the following sentence refers to the productive work done for w
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "trades" refers to the commercial exchange of goods and services, which is a
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shortage" in the given sentence is "acute insufficiency." The
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "labor" in the following sentence refers to the productive work done for w
semeval2013.d011.s016.t000	Answer: Unskilled immigrants work in sectors that do not attract local labor and the most highly skilled ones
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	Response: The sentence "Unskilled immigrants work in sectors, which do not attract local labor, and the
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "labor" refers to the most highly skilled and productive workers in dynamic
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ones" in the given sentence is "a single person or thing." The sentence refers
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	Response: The sentence "Unskilled immigrants work in sectors, which do not attract local labor, and the
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "training" in the given sentence is "the result of good upbringing (
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "offers" in the given sentence is "something offered (as a proposal or bid
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "employment" in the given sentence is "the act of using."
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "effect" in the given sentence is "an outward appearance."
semeval2013.d011.s017.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wages" in the given sentence is "something that remunerates."
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	Answer: The sentence "In the same way as a surgeon would find it difficult to work in a country with a short
semeval2013.d011.s018.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "surgeon" in the given sentence is "a physician who specializes in surgery
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	Answer: The sentence "In the same way as a surgeon would find it difficult to work in a country with a short
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "shortage" in the given sentence is "an acute insufficiency."
semeval2013.d011.s018.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "anaesthetists" in the given sentence is "a specialist who administers
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	Answer: The sentence "In the same way as a surgeon would find it difficult to work in a country with a short
semeval2013.d011.s018.t006	Answer: In the same way as a surgeon would find it difficult to work in a country with a shortage of an
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "arrival" in the given sentence is "the act of arriving at a certain place
semeval2013.d011.s018.t008	Answer: In the same way as a surgeon would find it difficult to work in a country with a shortage of an
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "effect" in this context refers to the positive impact that immigrants have on
semeval2013.d011.s018.t010	Answer: The sentence "In the same way as a surgeon would find it difficult to work in a country with a short
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	Response: According to Giovanni Peri's calculation, a rise of 1% in the migratory flow causes an
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable meaning for "flow" in the given sentence is "continuous progression." The sentence states that a rise
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "increase" in the given sentence is "a process of becoming larger or longer
semeval2013.d011.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pay" in the given sentence is "something that remunerates."
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	Answer: The sentence "And does so without taking into account the fact that the diversity contributed by immigrants contributes
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "diversity" in the given sentence is "the condition or result of being changeable
semeval2013.d011.s020.t002	Answer: The sentence "And does so without taking into account the fact that the diversity contributed by immigrants contributes
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "creation" in the given sentence is "the act of starting something for the first
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ideas" in the given sentence is "the content of cognition" as it
semeval2013.d011.s020.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "economic growth" in the given sentence is "steady growth in the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "proportion" in the given sentence is "harmonious arrangement or relation of
semeval2013.d011.s020.t007	Answer: The sentence "And does so without taking into account the fact that the diversity contributed by immigrants contributes
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "American" in the given sentence is "a native or inhabitant of a North
semeval2013.d011.s020.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Nobel prize" in the given sentence is "award for outstanding contributions
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "winners" in the given sentence is "a person with a record of successes
semeval2013.d011.s020.t011	Answer: The sentence "And does so without taking into account the fact that the diversity contributed by immigrants contributes
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Yahoo" refers to the search engine that finds information, news, images,
semeval2013.d011.s020.t013	Answer: The sentence "And does so without taking into account the fact that the diversity contributed by immigrants contributes
semeval2013.d011.s021.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Migrants" in the given sentence is "net contributors to social systems."
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contributors" in the given sentence is "a writer whose work is published in a
semeval2013.d011.s021.t002	The correct definition for "social systems" in the given sentence is "the people in a society considered as a system organized by
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "budgets" in the given sentence is "a summary of intended expenditures
semeval2013.d011.s021.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "European countries" in the given sentence is "European countries" as it is
semeval2013.d011.s022.t000	Answer: The definition for "World" in the given sentence is "all of the living human inhabitants of the earth."
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	Answer: The definition for "Labor" in the given sentence is "an immigrant arriving at the age of
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	Answer: The definition for "Organisation" in the given sentence is "a group of people who work together to achieve a
semeval2013.d011.s022.t003	Answer: The definition for "example" in the given sentence is "an item of information that is typical of a class or
semeval2013.d011.s022.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Germany" in the given sentence is "Germany" in the context
semeval2013.d011.s022.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigrant" in the given sentence is "a person who comes to a country
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "age" in the given sentence is "a late time of life."
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "contribution" in the given sentence is "a voluntary gift (as of money or
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "receipts" in the given sentence is "acknowledgment (usually
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "expenditure" in the given sentence is "the act of consuming something."
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "average" in the given sentence is "an intermediate scale value regarded as normal or
semeval2013.d011.s022.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Euros" in the given sentence is "the basic monetary unit of
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	Answer: The sentence "The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example in Germany, an immigrant arriving at the age
semeval2013.d011.s022.t013	The most suitable meaning for "lifetime" in the given sentence is "the period during which something is functional (as
semeval2013.d011.s023.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "start" in the given sentence is "the beginning of anything."
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	Answer: The sentence "Nicolas Sarkozy wished at the start of his mandate to look for missing points
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "points" in the given sentence is "a specific identifiable position in a continuum
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "growth" in the given sentence is (pathology) an abnormal prol
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	Answer: The sentence "The teeth in question, intended to serve to dissuade immigrants, had precisely the opposite
semeval2013.d011.s024.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "immigrants" in the given sentence is "a person who comes to a country
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "effect" in the given sentence is "an outward appearance." The phrase "int
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pound" in the following sentence is "a unit of money in Great Britain and
semeval2013.d012.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fine" in the following sentence is "money extracted as a penalty."
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "USA" in the following sentence is "the army of the United States of America"
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	Answer: The sentence "Fresh trouble is following hard on the heels of the uproar around Josef Ackermann
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "uproar" in the given sentence is "a state of commotion and noise
semeval2013.d012.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "CEO" in the given sentence is "corporate executive responsible for the operations
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pound" in the given sentence is "a unit of money in the United States
semeval2013.d012.s001.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fine" in the given sentence is "a penalty imposed by law or reg
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "USA" in the given sentence is "the United States of America," which is the name
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "problems" in the given sentence is "source of difficulty." The past in the
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "home" in the given sentence is "an institution where people are cared for."
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "industry" in the given sentence is "organized action of making goods and services
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "giant" in the given sentence is "an unusually large enterprise."
semeval2013.d012.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the sentence "As if the problems at home were not already enough
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "USA" in the given sentence is "the army of the United States of America."
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is "a piece of paper money worth one doll
semeval2013.d012.s002.t007	Answer: The correct definition for "Euros" in the given sentence is "the basic monetary unit of most
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "disputes" in the following sentence is "coming into conflict with."
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bankruptcy" in the given sentence is "a legal process intended to insure
semeval2013.d012.s002.t010	The most suitable meaning for "credit unions" in the given sentence is "a cooperative depository financial institution
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "issue" in the given sentence is "one of a series published periodically."
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	Response: The correct definition for "sale" in the given sentence is "an occasion (usually brief) for bu
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	Answer: The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), a financial market regulator, accuses a string of major
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "string" refers to a lightweight cord, a tightly stretched cord of
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "banks" refers to a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	Answer: The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) accuses major banks of having used false promises to misle
semeval2013.d012.s004.t004	Answer: The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) accuses major banks of using false promises to mislead
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "value" in the given sentence is "the quality (positive or negative) that
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "securities" in the given sentence is "property that your creditor can claim
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "crisis" in the given sentence is "crucial stage or turning point
semeval2013.d012.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "credit unions" in the given sentence is "a cooperative depository
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "issue" refers to the act of providing an item for general use or for official
semeval2013.d012.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parties" in the given sentence is "a group of people gathered together for pleasure
semeval2013.d012.s006.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "court" refers to a room in which a lawcourt sits.
semeval2013.d012.s006.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "spokesman" in the given sentence is "male spokesperson."
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "New York" in the given sentence is "a Mid-Atlantic state" (
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	Response: The sentence "The bank did not admit culpability in the settlement" refers to the fact that the bank did
semeval2013.d012.s007.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "culpability" in the given sentence is "guilt." The bank did not admit
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	Response: The sentence "The bank did not admit culpability in the settlement" refers to the fact that the bank did
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is "a piece of paper money worth one doll
semeval2013.d012.s009.t000	Answer: The NCUA chairman, Debbie Matz, welcomed the responsiveness of the two banks.
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "responsiveness" in the given sentence is "the quality of being responsive; react
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "banks" in the given sentence is "a financial institution that accepts deposits and
semeval2013.d012.s010.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "US" in the given sentence is "a base containing nitrogen that is found
semeval2013.d012.s010.t001	The most suitable meaning for "credit unions" in the given sentence is "a cooperative depository financial institution
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	Answer: The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) is responsible for the US credit unions and intervenes in
semeval2013.d012.s010.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "customer" in the following sentence is "someone who pays for goods or services."
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	Answer: The definition for "deposits" in the sentence "The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA)
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	Answer: The NCUA is fighting for compensation for losses that run into the billions. This refers to the amount
semeval2013.d012.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "losses" in the following sentence is "gradual decline in amount or activity
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "billions" in the following sentence is "a very large indefinite number
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	Response: The correct definition for "settlements" in the given sentence is "a community of people smaller than a town
semeval2013.d012.s012.t001	Answer: The definition of "kind" in the given sentence is a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality.
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	Answer: The regulator in the given sentence is a "control that maintains a steady speed in a machine" (i
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	Response: The definition of "banks" in the given sentence is "a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "summer" in the given sentence is "the period of finest development, happiness,
semeval2013.d012.s014.t000	Answer: The dubious mortgage securities are mortgage-backed securities.
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fate" in the given sentence is "ultimate agency regarded as predet
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "number" in the given sentence is "a short theatrical performance that is part
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "companies" in the given sentence is "small military unit; usually two or
semeval2013.d012.s016.t003	Response: The most suitable meaning for "US" in the given sentence is "a base containing nitrogen that is found
semeval2013.d012.s017.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "US" in the given sentence is "a base containing nitrogen that is found
semeval2013.d012.s017.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "September" in the given sentence is "the month following August and preceding October."
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "height" in the given sentence is "the vertical dimension of extension; distance from the base
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	Answer: The US investment bank, Lehman Brothers, went belly-up in September 2008
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	Response: The sentence "The banks battling against a strong wind in the USA several years later" refers to the financial institutions
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "wind" in the following sentence is "a tendency or force that influences events
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	Answer: The banks battling against a strong wind in the USA several years later is a reference to the United States of America
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	Response: The sentence "The banks battling against a strong wind in the USA several years later" refers to a period of
semeval2013.d012.s019.t000	Answer: Investors and regulators have brought a vast number of claims for compensation or to punish misconduct
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "regulators" in the given sentence is "an official responsible for control and super
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "number" in the given sentence is "a concept of quantity involving zero and units."
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "claims" in the given sentence is "an assertion that something is true or
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	Answer: Investors and regulators have brought a vast number of claims for compensation or to punish misconduct
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "misconduct" in the given sentence is "activity that transgresses moral or
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	Answer: The definition for "wave" in the given sentence is "a movement like that of a sudden occurrence or increase in
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	Answer: The definition for "claims" in the given sentence is "an assertion of a right (as to money
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "banks" refers to the financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money
semeval2013.d012.s021.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "US" in the sentence "It accuses 18 major international banks of having
semeval2013.d012.s021.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lenders" in the given sentence is "someone who lends money or gives
semeval2013.d012.s021.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Fannie Mae" in the given sentence is "a federally chartered
semeval2013.d012.s021.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Freddie Mac" in the given sentence is "a corporation authorized by
semeval2013.d012.s021.t005	Answer: The sentence "It accuses 18 major international banks of having taken in US lenders Fannie Ma
semeval2013.d012.s021.t006	The correct definition for "transactions" in the given sentence is "the act of transacting within or between groups (
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dollars" in the given sentence is "a United States coin worth one doll
semeval2013.d012.s022.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "legal action" in the given sentence is "judicial proceeding brought by one party
semeval2013.d012.s022.t001	The most suitable meaning for "transactions" in the given sentence is "the act of transacting within or between groups
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "value" in the given sentence is "the amount (of money or goods or services
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dollars" in the given sentence is "a United States coin worth one doll
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	Answer: The regulator in the given sentence is a control that maintains a steady speed in a machine (as by cont
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "bank" in the following sentence is "a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "responsibility" in the given sentence is "the proper sphere or extent of your activities."
semeval2013.d012.s023.t003	Answer: The regulator is demanding that the Frankfurt-based bank take responsibility for "substantial losses," but has
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "sum" in the given sentence is "the final aggregate" (i.e., the
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence is "an assertion that something is true or
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "intention" in the given sentence is "volition that you intend to carry out
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence is "an assertion that something is true or
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "document" in the given sentence is "a written account of ownership or obligation."
semeval2015.d000.s000.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "summary" in the given sentence is "brief statement that presents the main points in
semeval2015.d000.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "European" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic of
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Public" in the given sentence is "affecting the people or community as a
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Assessment" in the given sentence is "the act of judging or assess
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "Report" in this context refers to the European Public Assessment Report (EP
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "explains" in the given sentence is "serve as a reason or justification
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	Answer: The Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) is a special group delegated to consider some
semeval2015.d000.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Medicinal" in the given sentence is "having the properties of medicine."
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Products" refers to the set of elements common to two or more sets, which
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Human" in the given sentence is "relating to a person" as it
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "Use" in the given sentence is "the act of using" as it is the
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "assessed" in the given sentence is "estimate the value of (property)
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "studies" refers to the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "performed" in the given sentence is "get (something) done."
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reach" in the given sentence is "to extend as far as."
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recommendations" in the given sentence is "something that recommends (or
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) assessed the
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "need" in the given sentence is "have need of." The sentence "If you
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "quantifier meaning greater in number." The sentence
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "information" in the given sentence is "knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medical" in the sentence "If you need more information about your medical condition or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the sentence "If you need more information
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "treatment" in the given sentence is "artistic communication dealing with a particular
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for the word "read" in the sentence "If you need
semeval2015.d000.s002.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Package" in the given sentence is "a collection of things wrapped or boxed together
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Leaflet" in the given sentence is "a small book usually having a paper
semeval2015.d000.s002.t009	Answer: In addition to the Package Leaflet (also part of the EPAR) or contacting your doctor or ph
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	Response: The correct definition for "part" in the given sentence is "something less than the whole of a human artifact."
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contact" in the given sentence is "be in direct physical contact with."
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	Response: The most suitable meaning for "doctor" in the given sentence is "a licensed medical practitioner"
semeval2015.d000.s002.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pharmacist" in the given sentence is "a health professional trained in the
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "want" in the given sentence is "want strongly" as it is the
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is (comparative of `many' used with
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "information" in the given sentence is "knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "basis" in the given sentence is "the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recommendations" in the following sentence is "something that recommends (or
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	Response: The correct definition for "read" in the given sentence is "to have or contain a certain wording or form
semeval2015.d000.s003.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Scientific" in the given sentence is "conforming with the principles or
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Discussion" in the following sentence is "an exchange of views on some topic."
semeval2015.d000.s003.t008	Answer: In addition to the CHMP recommendations, the Scientific Discussion is also included in the EPAR.
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	Response: The correct definition for "part" in the given sentence is "something less than the whole of a human artifact."
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "powder" in the given sentence is "a mixture of potassium nitrate
semeval2015.d000.s005.t001	Answer: The sentence "Alimta is a powder that is made up into a solution for infusion ( drip
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "solution" in the given sentence is "a statement that solves a problem or explains
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "infusion" in the given sentence is "the act of infusing or introducing
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "drip" in the given sentence is "let or cause to fall in drops
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vein" in the given sentence is "a distinctive style or manner."
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contains" in the given sentence is "hold back, as of a danger or an
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "active" in the given sentence is "engaged in full-time work."
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "substance" in the given sentence is "choicest or most vital part of
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "used" in the given sentence is "avail oneself to."
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" in the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two types of
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "treat" refers to the process of providing treatment for a specific condition or disease
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "types" refers to the subdivision of a particular kind of cancer, which
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two types of
semeval2015.d000.s008.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pleural" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the pleura
semeval2015.d000.s008.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mesothelioma" in the given sentence is "a form of carcinoma
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two types of
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lining" in the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two types of
semeval2015.d000.s008.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lungs" in the given sentence is "respiratory organs in the ch
semeval2015.d000.s008.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "usually" in the given sentence is "under normal conditions."
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "caused" in the given sentence is "cause to happen or occur, not
semeval2015.d000.s008.t011	Response: The sentence "Alimta is used to treat two types of cancer : pleural mesothelioma ( cancer
semeval2015.d000.s008.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "asbestos" in the following sentence is "used for making fireproof articles"
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	Answer: Choose the corresponding definition among:1) take or consume (regularly or habitually)2
semeval2015.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable meaning for "together with" in the given sentence is "combined." The sentence states that Alim
semeval2015.d000.s009.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "anticancer" in the given sentence is "used in the treatment of cancer."
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "removed" in the given sentence is "go away" as it implies the removal
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "surgery" in the given sentence is "a medical procedure involving an incision
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "alone" in the given sentence is "radically distinctive and without equal."
semeval2015.d000.s009.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the given sentence is "characterized by progressive and un
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "spread" in the given sentence is "strew or distribute over an area
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	Answer: According to the given sentence, "likely" refers to the possibility of the cancer being unresectable and m
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "spread" in the given sentence is "strew or distribute over an area
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "easily" in the given sentence is "indicating high probability; in
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	Response: Based on the given sentence, "other" in the sentence refers to the combination of Alimta and cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parts" in the given sentence is "a portion of a natural object."
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	Response: The sentence "Alimta is used together with cisplatin (another anticancer medicine) when the
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the given sentence is "the semantic role of an entity that is
semeval2015.d000.s009.t017	The most suitable meaning for "not" in the given sentence is "negation of a word or group of words." The
semeval2015.d000.s009.t018	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" refers to the combination of Alimta and cisplatin
semeval2015.d000.s009.t019	Response: The most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "the use of chemical agents to treat
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicines" in the given sentence is "punishment for one's
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "advanced" in the given sentence is "far ahead of the times" as it
semeval2015.d000.s009.t023	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "metastatic" in the given sentence is "related to or affecting by met
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	Response: According to the given text, "cell" refers to the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms,
semeval2015.d000.s009.t025	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lung cancer" in the given sentence is "non-resectable (cannot
semeval2015.d000.s009.t026	The most suitable meaning for "not" in the given sentence is "negation of a word or group of words." The
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "affecting" in the given sentence is "connect closely and often incriminating
semeval2015.d000.s009.t028	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "squamous cells" in the given sentence is "epithelial cells that
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" in the following sentence refers to "put into service" or "make
semeval2015.d000.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "combination" in the given sentence is "assemblage of separate parts or
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence is "the semantic role of an entity that is
semeval2015.d000.s010.t003	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the process of removing the meaning of a word or group of words
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "treated" refers to the combination of Alimta and cisplatin
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence is "the semantic role of an entity that is
semeval2015.d000.s010.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" in the context of "Alimta is used in combination with
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "type" in the given sentence is "printed characters."
semeval2015.d000.s010.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "the use of chemical agents to treat
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the given sentence is "a verb tense that expresses actions
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence "The medicine can
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "obtained" in the given sentence is "become valid, applicable, or
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "prescription" is "written instructions from a doctor or
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "How is Alimta used?" is a question, and the most suitable meaning
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence "Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	Response: According to the given text, "given" in the sentence "Alimta should only be given under the
semeval2015.d000.s013.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "supervision" in the given sentence is "under the supervision of a qualified doctor
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "doctor" refers to a licensed medical practitioner who is qualified in
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "Alimta should only be given under the supervision of a doctor who is
semeval2015.d000.s013.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "anticancer" in the given sentence is "used in the treatment of cancer."
semeval2015.d000.s013.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "the use of chemical agents to treat
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	Response: The correct definition for "dose" in the given sentence is "a measured portion of medicine taken at any one
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mg" in the sentence "The recommended dose of Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t002	Answer: The recommended dose of Alimta is 500 mg per square metre of body surface area
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	Response: The correct definition for "body" in the given sentence is "the entire structure of an organism (an animal
semeval2015.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable meaning for "surface area" in the given sentence is "the extent of a 2-dimensional surface
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "calculated" in the given sentence is "judge to be probable" as it is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, the recommended dose of Alimta is calculated using the patient's height and
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	Answer: The recommended dose of Alimta is 500 mg per square metre of body surface area
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	Answer: The recommended dose of Alimta is 500 mg per square metre of body surface area
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	Response: The most suitable meaning for "weight" in the given sentence is "the relative importance granted to something."
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	Response: The sentence "It is given once every three weeks as an intravenous infusion lasting 10
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "once" in the given sentence is "as soon as."
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	Answer: (used of count nouns) each and all of the members of a group considered singly and without exception
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "weeks" in the given sentence is "a period of seven consecutive days starting on
semeval2015.d000.s015.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "intravenous" in the given sentence is "by means of a vein
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "infusion" in the given sentence is "the process of extracting certain active properties
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lasting" in the given sentence is "persist for a specified period of time
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the given sentence is "a unit of time equal to 6
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "reduce" in this context means to make less complex or lesser in size or
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "side effects" in the given sentence is "adverse and unwanted secondary effect."
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "To reduce side effects, patients should take a cort
semeval2015.d000.s016.t003	Response: To reduce side effects, patients should take a corticosteroid and folic acid (a type of vit
semeval2015.d000.s016.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "corticosteroid" in the given sentence is "a steroid h
semeval2015.d000.s016.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "folic acid" refers to a type of vitamin that is essential for cell
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "type" refers to a specific kind of thing, which is a subdivision
semeval2015.d000.s016.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vitamin" in the given sentence is "a type of organic substance
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "injections" in the given sentence is "the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d000.s016.t009	Answer: Vitamin B12 is a B vitamin that is used to treat pernicious anemia.
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "treatment" refers to the management of a patient's condition by providing
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	Response: The sentence "When Alimta is given with cisplatin, an anti-emetic medicine (to
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "medicine" is "something that treats or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prevent" in the given sentence is "stop (someone or something) from doing
semeval2015.d000.s017.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "preventing vomiting." The sentence
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "fluids" in the given sentence is "continuous amorphous matter that tends
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prevent" in the given sentence is "stop (someone or something) from doing
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dehydration" in the given sentence is "the process of extracting
semeval2015.d000.s017.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "also" in the sentence refers to the anti-emetic medicine and fluids
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	Response: The sentence "When Alimta is given with cisplatin, an anti-emetic medicine (to
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "before" in the given sentence is "at or in the front." The sentence states
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "after" in the given sentence is "happening at a time subsequent to a
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "dose" in the following sentence is "a communic
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Treatment" in the given sentence is "care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "delayed" in the given sentence is "act later than planned, scheduled, or required
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "discontinued" in the given sentence is "to come to or be at an
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	Response: The correct definition for "dose" in the given sentence is "a measured portion of medicine taken at any one
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	Answer: Definition 1: Treatment should be delayed or discontinued, or the dose reduced, in
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the given sentence is "the semantic role of an entity that is
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "blood counts" in the given sentence is "the act of estimating the number
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "abnormal" in the given sentence is "not normal or typical or usual or regular
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	Response: The sentence "Treatment should be delayed or discontinued, or the dose reduced, in
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "certain" in the given sentence is "established beyond doubt or question; definitely known
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "not the same one or ones already mentioned or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "side effects" in the given sentence is "adverse and unwanted secondary effect."
semeval2015.d000.s019.t000	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the process of removing the meaning of a word or group of words
semeval2015.d000.s019.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "recommended" in this context means "expressing a good opinion of"
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	Response: The correct definition for "use" in the given sentence is "the act of using."
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for use in patients
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "moderate" in the given sentence is "not excessive or extreme."
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "severe" in the given sentence is "very bad in degree or extent."
semeval2015.d000.s019.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Alimta is not recommended for use in patients with moderate or severe kid
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "problems" in the given sentence is "a source of difficulty."
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	Answer: (comparative of "much" used with mass nouns) quantifier meaning greater in size or
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	Response: For more information, see the Summary of Product Characteristics (also part of the EPAR). This document provides
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "see" in the sentence "For more information, see
semeval2015.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable meaning for "Summary" in the given sentence is "part of the EPAR" as it is a part
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	Response: For more information, see the Summary of Product Characteristics (also part of the EPAR). This refers to
semeval2015.d000.s020.t005	Response: For more information, see the Summary of Product Characteristics (also part of the EPAR).
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "part" in the sentence "For more information, see
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "active" in the given sentence is "engaged in full-time work."
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "substance" in the given sentence is "choicest or most vital part of
semeval2015.d000.s022.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cytotoxic" in the given sentence is "relating to substances that
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kills" in the following sentence is "deprive of life."
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to the active substance in Alimta, which is
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dividing" in the given sentence is "act as a barrier between;
semeval2015.d000.s022.t008	Answer: The active substance in Alimta, pemetrexed, is a cytotoxic medicine
semeval2015.d000.s022.t009	The most suitable meaning for "belongs to" in the given sentence is "be a part of" or "be an
semeval2015.d000.s022.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "group" in the given sentence is "a set that is closed, associative,
semeval2015.d000.s022.t011	The most suitable meaning for "antimetabolites" in the given sentence is "a cytotoxic medicine that
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "body" in the given sentence is "the external structure of a vehicle."
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	Answer: Definition 5: score an extra point or points after touchdown by kicking the ball through the uprights
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "active" in the given sentence is "engaged in full-time work."
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "form" refers to the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "blocks" refers to the conversion of pemetrexed into an active
semeval2015.d000.s023.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "activity" in the given sentence is "the state of being active" as it describes
semeval2015.d000.s023.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "enzymes" in the given sentence is "any of several complex proteins that
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "involved" in the given sentence is "occupy or engage the interest
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	Answer: In the body, pemetrexed is converted into an active form that blocks the activity of the enzym
semeval2015.d000.s023.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "nucleotides" in the given sentence is "the basic structural unit
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "building blocks" in the given sentence is "a block of material used in construction work
semeval2015.d000.s023.t011	Answer: (biochemistry) a long linear polymer found in the nucleus of a cell and formed from nucleot
semeval2015.d000.s023.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "RNA" in the given sentence is "active form that blocks the activity of en
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the science of
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "material" in the given sentence is "information (data or ideas or observations) that
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	Response: According to the given sentence, "cells" refers to the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "studied" refers to being enrolled at an institute of learning.
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "treatment" in the given sentence is "artistic communication dealing with a particular
semeval2015.d000.s025.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the given sentence is "characterized by progressive and un
semeval2015.d000.s025.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pleural" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the pleura
semeval2015.d000.s025.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mesothelioma" in the following sentence is "a form of carcinoma
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	Response: Based on the given sentence, "studied" in the following sentence means "been studied in detail and subject
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "main" in the sentence "For the treatment of malignant pleural mesoth
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "study" in the sentence refers to the study of Alimta in one
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "For the treatment of malignant pleural mes
semeval2015.d000.s025.t008	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the process of removing the meaning of a word or group of words
semeval2015.d000.s025.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" in the sentence "For the treatment of malignant pleural
semeval2015.d000.s025.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "the use of chemical agents to treat
semeval2015.d000.s025.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "disease" in the given sentence is "an impairment of health or
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "before" in the given sentence is "at or in the front."
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	Response: The correct definition for "effects" in the given sentence is "an outward appearance."
semeval2015.d000.s026.t001	Response: The most suitable meaning for "combination" in the given sentence is "assemblage" as it refers
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	Answer: The sentence "The effects of Alimta in combination with cisplatin were compared with those of cis
semeval2015.d000.s026.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "alone" in the given sentence is "without any others being included or involved."
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "treatment" in the given sentence is "artistic communication dealing with a particular
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	Response: The sentence "For the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, the effects of Alimta were compared with
semeval2015.d000.s027.t002	Answer: For the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, the effects of Alimta were compared with those of doc
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "effects" refers to the comparison of the effects of Alimta (ant
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "compared" in the given sentence is "comparable" as it describes the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "anticancer" in the given sentence is "used in the treatment of cancer."
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "study" in the sentence refers to a detailed critical inspection, applying the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	Answer: For the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, the effects of Alimta were compared with those of doc
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "For the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "locally" in the given sentence is "to a restricted area of the body."
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	Answer: For the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, the effects of Alimta were compared with those of doc
semeval2015.d000.s027.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "metastatic" in the given sentence is "related to or affected by metast
semeval2015.d000.s027.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "disease" in the given sentence is "an impairment of health or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t014	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" in the sentence "For the treatment of non-small cell lung
semeval2015.d000.s027.t015	The most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "the use of chemical agents to treat or control
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the given sentence is "a verb tense that expresses actions
semeval2015.d000.s028.t000	Answer: In addition to gemcitabine, Alimta was also compared with cisplatin in a study involving
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "compared" in the given sentence is "comparable" as it describes the
semeval2015.d000.s028.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "anticancer" in the given sentence is "used in the treatment of cancer."
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d000.s028.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "combination" in the given sentence is "assemblage of separate parts or
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "study" in the sentence refers to a detailed critical inspection, applying the
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "involving" in the given sentence is "engage as a necessary feature."
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "Alimta was also compared with gemcitab
semeval2015.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable meaning for "not" in the given sentence is "negation of a word or group of words." The
semeval2015.d000.s028.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" in the sentence "Alimta was also compared with gemcit
semeval2015.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "the use of chemical agents to treat or control
semeval2015.d000.s028.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "lung cancer" in the given sentence is "carcinoma of the lungs"
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the given sentence is "a verb tense that expresses actions
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "studies" in the following sentence refers to the main measure of effectiveness in
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "main" in the given sentence is "of force; of the greatest possible intensity."
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "measure" in the given sentence is "a statute in draft before it becomes law
semeval2015.d000.s029.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "effectiveness" in the given sentence is "capacity to produce strong physiological
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "long" in the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of effectiveness
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of effect
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	Answer: In all three studies, the main measure of effectiveness was how long the patients survived.
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefit" in the given sentence is "something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "shown" in the sentence means "establish the validity of something
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "studies" refers to the results of the Alimta clinical trials
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "increased" in the given sentence is "make bigger or more."
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "survival" in the given sentence is "something that survives."
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	Response: The most suitable meaning for "time" in the given sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of patients
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of patients
semeval2015.d000.s031.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "pleural" in the given sentence is "of or relating to the pleura
semeval2015.d000.s031.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mesothelioma" in the given sentence is "a form of carcinoma
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Patients" in the given sentence is "the semantic role of an entity that is
semeval2015.d000.s032.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "receiving" refers to the average survival time of patients receiving Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "survived" means to continue to live through hardship or adversity.
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "average" in the given sentence is "an intermediate scale value regarded as normal or
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "time unit of approximately 30 days
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "compared" in the given sentence is "comparable" as it describes the
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "time unit of approximately 30 days
semeval2015.d000.s032.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "alone" in the given sentence is "without any others being included or involved."
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "treatment" in the given sentence is "artistic communication dealing with a particular
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	Response: The sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer, Alimta was as effective as
semeval2015.d000.s033.t003	Answer: In the treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer, Alimta was as effective as the comparators
semeval2015.d000.s033.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "as" in the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-small cell lung
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	Answer: Effective is a synonym for producing an intended result or having a striking effect. It means that Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s033.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "as" in the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-small cell lung
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the sentence "In patients who had received chemotherapy in the
semeval2015.d000.s034.t001	Answer: In patients who had received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time was 8.3 months
semeval2015.d000.s034.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "chemotherapy" as it is
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the given sentence is "a verb tense that expresses actions
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	Answer: In patients who had received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time with Alimta was
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	Answer: In patients who had received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time with Alimta was
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "time" in the sentence refers to the average survival time of patients who had
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "a time unit of approximately 30
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	Answer: The sentence "In patients who had received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time was 8
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "a time unit of approximately 30
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	Answer: In patients who had not received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time was 10.
semeval2015.d000.s035.t001	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the process of removing the meaning of a word or group of words
semeval2015.d000.s035.t002	Response: In patients who had not received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time was 10.
semeval2015.d000.s035.t003	The correct definition for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "the use of chemical agents to treat or control disease
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "past" in the given sentence is "a verb tense that expresses actions
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	Answer: In patients who had not received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time was 10.
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	Answer: In patients who had not received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time was 10.
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	Response: The correct definition for "time" in the given sentence is "an indefinite period (usually marked by
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "months" in the given sentence is "a time unit of approximately 30
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	Answer: In patients who had not received chemotherapy in the past, the average survival time was 10.
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "However" is used to contrast the fact that patients whose cancer was not affecting
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "studies" in the sentence refers to the two studies mentioned in the text.
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "patients" refers to the patients who received Alimta in the study,
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	Answer: In the given sentence, "cancer" refers to any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
semeval2015.d000.s036.t004	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the opposite of the word or group of words being negated.
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "affecting" refers to the physical or emotional impact of Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s036.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "squamous cells" in the sentence "However, in both studies, patients whose
semeval2015.d000.s036.t007	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "had" in the sentence "However, in both studies
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	Answer: In the sentence "However, in both studies, patients whose cancer was not affecting squamous cells had longer
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	Answer: In both studies, patients whose cancer was not affecting squamous cells had longer survival times if they received
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	Response: According to the given material, the most suitable meaning for "times" in the sentence "However, in both studies
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contrast" in the given sentence is "the act of distinguishing by comparing differences
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence is "the semantic role of an entity that is
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "cancer" in the following sentence refers to any malignant growth or tum
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	Answer: In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting squamous cells had shorter survival times if they received Alim
semeval2015.d000.s037.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "squamous cells" in the given sentence is "epithelial cells that
semeval2015.d000.s037.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "had" in the sentence "In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting squ
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "shorter" in the sentence "In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "survival" in the given sentence is "something that survives."
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	Response: The sentence "In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting squamous cells had shorter survival times if they
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "mathematical" in the given sentence is "relating to or having ability to
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	Answer: Based on the given sentence, "kalgebra is a mathematical calculator based on content markup MathML language" means
semeval2015.d001.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "markup" in the given sentence is "detailed stylistic instructions for types
semeval2015.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable meaning for "Nowadays" in the given sentence is "in these times" as it implies that the
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "capable" in this context means having the requisite qualities for performing
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The sentence "Nowadays it is capable to make simple MathML operations (arithmetic and logical) and to represent
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	Answer: The sentence "Nowadays it is capable to make simple MathML operations (arithmetic and logical) and to
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "operations" refers to the ability to perform mathematical operations and represent 2D
semeval2015.d001.s001.t005	The sentence "Nowadays it is capable to make simple MathML operations ( arithmetic and logical ) and to representate
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	Answer: The sentence "Nowadays it is capable to make simple MathML operations ( arithmetic and logical ) and to represent
semeval2015.d001.s001.t007	The sentence "Nowadays it is capable to make simple MathML operations ( arithmetic and logical ) and to representate
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "actually" in the given sentence is "used to imply that one would expect the fact
semeval2015.d001.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "not" in the given sentence is "negation of a word or group of words
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "necessary" in the given sentence is "unavoidably determined by prior circumstances
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "know" in the following sentence refers to possessing knowledge or information about something.
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "use" in the given sentence is "use up, consume fully."
semeval2015.d001.s003.t000	Answer: Based is a synonym for "situate as a center of operations" and is used to indicate the location
semeval2015.d001.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "graph" in the given sentence is "a visual representation of the relations between certain quantities
semeval2015.d001.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "initially" in the given sentence is "at the beginning."
semeval2015.d001.s004.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "oriented" in this context is "determine
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Although it was initially MathML oriented, it can now be used by
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Although it was initially MathML oriented, it can now be used by
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	Answer: The sentence "Although it was initially MathML oriented, it can now be used by everyone with little mathematical
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Mathematical" refers to the ability to think in and work with numbers,
semeval2015.d001.s004.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "knowledge" in the given sentence is "psychological result of perception and
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	Answer: In this context, "here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" refers to the screenshot being displayed at
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "main" in the given sentence is "of force; of the greatest possible intensity."
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" refers to a screenshot of
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "main" in the given sentence is "of force; of the greatest possible intensity."
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	Answer: The sentence "kalgebra main window" refers to a window that is built into a wall or roof to admit light
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "main" in the given sentence is "of force; of the greatest possible intensity."
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "window" in the given sentence is "a pane of glass in a window."
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	Answer: The sentence "kalgebra main window consists in a Console tab, a 2D Graph tab, a 3
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Console" in the given sentence is "a small table fixed to a wall or designed
semeval2015.d001.s007.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Graph" in the given sentence is "a visual representation of the relations between certain quantities
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "3D" in the given sentence is "having a three-dimensional form or
semeval2015.d001.s007.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Graph" in the given sentence is "a visual representation of the relations between certain quantities
semeval2015.d001.s007.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Dictionary" in the given sentence is "a reference book containing an alphabetical list of
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	Answer: The sentence "Below these tabs you will find an input field to type your functions or do your calculations" means
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	Answer: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "find" in the sentence "Below these tabs you
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "input" in the given sentence is "a stimulating information or event; acts to
semeval2015.d001.s008.t003	The sentence "Below these tabs you will find an input field to type your functions or do your calculations" suggests that the
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "type" in the given sentence is "identify as belonging to a certain type."
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	Answer: The sentence "Below these tabs you will find an input field to type your functions or do your calculations" suggests
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Do" in the following sentence refers to the action of typing functions or performing calculations
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "calculations" in the given sentence is "problem solving that involves numbers or quantities."
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "want" in the given sentence is "want for a particular reason."
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "understand" in the given sentence is "to perceive (an idea or situation
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "works" refers to the process of converting input into MathML, which is not
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	Response: The sentence "If we want to understand how it works, the best thing we can do is to realize that our
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "thing" in the given sentence is "an entity that is not named specifically."
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "do" in the sentence "If we want to understand how it works, the
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	Response: The sentence "If we want to understand how it works, the best thing we can do is to realize that our
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "input" in the given sentence is "stimulating information or event; acts to
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "converted" in the following sentence means "to exchange or replace with another,
semeval2015.d001.s009.t009	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the process of removing the meaning of the word or group of words
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "necessary" in the given sentence is "unavoidably determined by prior circumstances
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "If we want to understand how it works, the best thing we can do is
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	Answer: Based on common sense, it should not be hard for anyone to understand the syntax of the sentence.
semeval2015.d001.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "basically" in the given sentence is "at bottom or by one's very
semeval2015.d001.s010.t002	Answer: The sentence "I have based the syntax basically on common sense, it should not be hard for anyone" suggests that
semeval2015.d001.s010.t003	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is defined as the process of removing the meaning of a word or group
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "hard" is "produced with the back of the
semeval2015.d001.s011.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "looked" in the sentence refers to "gaze" or "direct one
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "closely" in the given sentence is "in an attentive manner."
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "look" in the sentence refers to perceiving with attention and directing one'
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "very" in the given sentence is "really" as it is used informally
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "similar" in this context means having the same or similar characteristics. Therefore, the
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Addition" in the given sentence is "the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "subtraction" in the given sentence is "the act of subtracting (rem
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "multiplication" in the given sentence is "the act of producing offspring or multip
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	Response: The sentence "Addition, subtraction, multiplication and division" is a compound sentence that consists of three
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Power" in the given sentence is "physical strength."
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "use" in the given sentence is "use up, consume fully."
semeval2015.d001.s014.t000	Answer: In addition to the meaning "also," the Unicode ² character can also be used to represent the mathematical symbol for
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "Also it is possible to use the unicode ² characters" means that it is
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "use" can be interpreted as "make work or employ for a particular purpose or
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Powers" in the given sentence is "one possessing or exercising
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	Response: The sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" refers to the concept of "roots"
semeval2015.d001.s015.t002	Response: The sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" refers to the ability of certain powers to cause
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	Response: The sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" refers to the fact that roots are formed by
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "too" in the given sentence is "in addition."
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	Response: The sentence "gt : It s the way to specify the bounded variable in a function" refers to the definition of
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "specify" in the given sentence is "design or destine." The sentence "
semeval2015.d001.s016.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "bounded" in the given sentence is "having the limits or boundaries established." The
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "variable" in the given sentence is "something that is subject to variation."
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "function" in this context refers to a mathematical relation such that each element of a
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" refers to the higher priority. The sentence uses the word "used"
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "specify" is used to specify a higher priority.
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	Response: The sentence "It is used to specify a higher priority" refers to the literal meaning of "higher" in
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "priority" in the given sentence is "preceding in time." The word
semeval2015.d001.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "parser" in the given sentence is "a computer program that divides code up into
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "finds" refers to the process of discovering something after searching or establishing
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "function" in this context refers to a mathematical relation such that each element of a
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	Response: According to the given text, the most suitable meaning for "checks" in the sentence "abc(params)
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "operator" in this context is (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "treated" refers to the process of providing with a gift or entertainment.
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "operator" is "an agent that operates some appar
semeval2015.d001.s019.t002	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the process of removing the word or group of words from a sentence
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "treated" refers to the process of providing with a gift or entertainment.
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "user" in the given sentence is "a person who uses something or someone selfish
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	Response: The sentence "If it is, it will be treated as an operator, if it is not, it will be
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" refers to the process of putting a variable value into service. The most
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "define" in the given sentence is "to give a definition for the meaning of a word
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "value" refers to the numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed. Therefore, the
semeval2015.d001.s021.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "condition" refers to the state of being or form of existence of a person or
semeval2015.d001.s021.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "definition" in the given sentence is "clarity of outline."
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	Response: The sentence "Piecewise is the way we can define conditional operations in kalgebra" refers to the fact
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "define" in the given sentence is "give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conditional" in the given sentence is "imposing or containing a condition."
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "operations" in the given sentence is "the process or manner of functioning or operating
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "introduce" means to bring something new to an environment or to bring in
semeval2015.d001.s023.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the following sentence is "the state of
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence is "avail ones
semeval2015.d001.s023.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the following sentence is "the state of
semeval2015.d001.s023.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only if" in the given sentence is "only if" because it is used to
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "true" in this context means "accurately placed or thrown" or "
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	Answer: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "finds" is "establish after a calculation
semeval2015.d001.s023.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the following sentence is "the state of
semeval2015.d001.s023.t008	Answer: To enter into a condition, the condition must be true before the? is used. If the condition is not true
semeval2015.d001.s023.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "last" in the given sentence is "most unlikely or unsuitable."
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "instance" in the given sentence is "an item of information that is typical of a
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" can be interpreted as "to make work or employ for a particular purpose
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "define" in the given sentence is "give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s026.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Mainly" in the given sentence is "for the most part."
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "useful" in the given sentence is "having a useful function."
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	Answer: Definition 1: Mainly useful for working with piecewise is a definition that describes the activity of working with a
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Now" in the given sentence is "in the historical present" as it indicates a
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	Answer: The sentence "Now you could ask me, why should the user mind about MathML?" suggests that the speaker is
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "user" in the given sentence is "a person who uses something or someone selfishly
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "easy" means not requiring much effort or effortless. Therefore, the correct
semeval2015.d001.s028.t001	Answer: 4) happenThe sentence "That s easy. With this, we can operate with functions like cos
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "functions" refers to mathematical relations that are used to associate each element of a given
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	Response: The sentence "That's easy. With this, we can operate with functions like cos(), sin(), any other
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "sin()" refers to the trigonometric function "sin()" which is used to
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	Answer: The sentence "That s easy. With this, we can operate with functions like cos(), sin(), any other trig
semeval2015.d001.s028.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "trigonometric" in the given sentence is "relating to or according to
semeval2015.d001.s028.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "functions" refers to mathematical relations that are used to associate each element of a given
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sum" in the given sentence is "the final aggregate" as it refers to the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	Response: Based on the given sentence, "That s easy. With this, we can operate with functions like cos(), sin
semeval2015.d001.s029.t000	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the process of removing the meaning of a word or group of words
semeval2015.d001.s029.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "matter" in the given sentence is "carry weight." The sentence does not
semeval2015.d001.s029.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "kind" in the given sentence is "a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "use" refers to the ability to perform a specific action or function. The most
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "plus()" in the given sentence is "the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	Response: The sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything which has its operator" refers to the arithmetic operation "
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "has" in the sentence refers to the abstract sense of "have" as a
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "operator" refers to a symbol or function representing a mathematical operation. Therefore, the
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "useful" in the given sentence is "having a useful function."
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "There" in the given sentence is "to or toward that place; away from the
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "There you have a list of the declared variables" means that there are a list
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "list" in the given sentence is "property possessed by a line or surface that dep
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "variables" refers to a set of quantities that can assume any of a set of
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	Answer: Definition 1: By double clicking on them, you will see a dialog that lets you change their values (just
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	Answer: By double-clicking on them, you will be able to see a dialog that lets you change their values (
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "change" in this context means "to undergo a transformation or change in ess
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	Answer: The correct definition for "values" in the given sentence is "the quality (positive or negative) that rend
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "just" in the given sentence is "indicating exactness or preciseness."
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "way" refers to a line leading to a place or point. Therefore, the
semeval2015.d001.s033.t006	Answer: Deceive somebody is a synonym for trick. The sentence "By double clicking on them you will see a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	Response: The sentence "By double clicking on them you will see a dialog that lets you change their values (just a way
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	Response: The correct definition for "time" in the given sentence is "a period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2015.d001.s034.t001	Answer: The correct definition for "enter" in the given sentence is "to come or go into" as it means to
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	Response: The correct definition for "expression" in the given sentence is "the act of forcing something out by squeez
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	Response: The sentence "Every time you enter an expression, the " ans " variable value will be changed to the last result
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	Response: The correct definition for "value" in the given sentence is "the quality (positive or negative) that rend
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "changed" refers to the process of changing the value of the "ans" variable
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	Answer: The correct definition for "last" in the given sentence is "most unlikely or unsuitable."
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "result" refers to the last result obtained by the expression. Therefore, the correct
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "New" in the given sentence is "unfamiliar."
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	Answer: The sentence "Ctrl N New Window" refers to the Ctrl key on a computer keyboard, which is used to
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "log" in the following sentence is "a written record of events on a voyage (
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Load" in the given sentence is "transfer from a storage device to a computer
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Executes" in the given sentence is "carry out the legalities of."
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "instructions" in the given sentence is "the activities of educating or instruct
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "file" in the given sentence is "a set of related records (either written
semeval2015.d001.s038.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "sequentially" in the given sentence is "in a consecutive manner."
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Nice" in the given sentence is "socially or conventionally correct; ref
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Nice if you want to define some libraries or resume some previous work"
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "define" in the given sentence is "give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Nice if you want to define some libraries or resume some previous work"
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	Response: Based on the given sentence, "resume" can be interpreted as "give a summary (of) some
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "previous" in the given sentence is "too soon or too hasty." The
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "work" is "the total output of a writer or
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Ctrl G Save Script" and the given definitions, the most suitable meaning for "
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Saves" in the given sentence is "to keep up and reserve for personal or
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "instructions" in the given sentence is "the activities of educating or instruct
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "typed" in the given sentence is "identify as belonging to a certain type
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Saves the instructions you have typed since the session began to be able to reuse
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	Answer: (usually followed by "to") having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something
semeval2015.d001.s041.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reuse" in the given sentence is "be able to reuse" as it suggests
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Generates" in the given sentence is "produce (energy)".
semeval2015.d001.s042.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "text files" in the given sentence is "a computer file that contains text (and
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "easy" means "not requiring much effort or effort" or "not requiring
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Generates text files so it should be easy to fix using any text editor,
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "using" in the given sentence is "use up, consume fully" as it means
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "text editor" in the given sentence is (computer science) an application that can
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Ctrl S Save Log" and the given definitions, the most suitable meaning for "
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Log" in the given sentence is "a written record of events on a voyage (
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Saves" in the given sentence is "to keep up and reserve for personal or
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Saves the log with all results into an HTML file to be able to print
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "results" in the given sentence is "a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2015.d001.s044.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "HTML" in the given sentence is "a set of tags and rules (conform
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	Answer: (usually followed by "to") having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	Answer: The sentence "Saves the log with all results into an HTML file to be able to print or publish" suggests
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "publish" in the given sentence is "have (one's written work) issued
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Quit" in the given sentence is "give up in the face of defeat
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "program" in the given sentence is "a series of steps to be carried out or
semeval2015.d001.s046.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Shuts the program down" means to stop or terminate the program. The most
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	Response: Based on the given sentence, "To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra, what you have to
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "new" in the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on k
semeval2015.d001.s047.t002	The sentence "To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra, what you have to do is to go to the
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra, what you have to do is to go to the 2D
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	Response: To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra, you can go to the 2D Graph tab and
semeval2015.d001.s047.t005	The most suitable meaning for "Graph" in the given sentence is "a visual representation of the relations between certain quantities plotted
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	Answer: To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra, what you have to do is to go to the
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	Response: Based on the given sentence, "To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra, what you have to
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "new" in the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on k
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "function" is (mathematics) a mathematical relation
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Then" in the given sentence is "at that time." The sentence "Then your
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, "focus" refers to the concentration of attention or energy on an input text box where
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "input" refers to the text box where you can type your function. The most
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "text" refers to the input text box where you can type your function. The
semeval2015.d001.s048.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "box" refers to a private area in a theater or grandstand where a
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "type" in the given sentence is "identify as belonging to a certain type."
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "function" refers to a mathematical relation that assigns each element of a given set
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	Response: The sentence "If you want to use a typical f(x) function it is not necessary to specify it"
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "use" in the following sentence refers to the act of using a f(x
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	Response: The sentence "If you want to use a typical f(x) function it is not necessary to specify it"
semeval2015.d001.s049.t003	Answer: The sentence "If you want to use a typical f(x) function it is not necessary to specify it"
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "necessary" in the given sentence is "unavoidably determined by prior circumstances
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "specify" in the following sentence means to make an express demand or provision in
semeval2015.d001.s050.t000	Answer: To enter a function and click on the OK button to display the graph in the main window is the correct definition for
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	Response: Based on the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "function" is (mathematics) a mathematical relation
semeval2015.d001.s050.t002	Answer: In this sentence, "OK" refers to the fact that the user has successfully entered the function and clicked on the
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "display" in the given sentence is "to attract attention by displaying some body part or
semeval2015.d001.s050.t004	The sentence "If you have entered the function click on the OK button to display the graph in the main window" means that
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "main" in the given sentence is "of force; of the greatest possible intensity."
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	Answer: The sentence "If you have entered the function click on the OK button to display the graph in the main window"
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "set" in the given sentence is "establish as the highest level or best
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "several" refers to an indefinite number of graphs that can be
semeval2015.d001.s051.t002	Answer: The sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" suggests that the graphs can be plotted on the
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	Response: The most suitable meaning for "same" in the given sentence is "unchanged in character or nature." The sentence
semeval2015.d001.s051.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "view" in this context refers to the visual percept of a region. Therefore
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Just" in the given sentence is "exactly at this moment or the moment described
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "use" refers to taking or consuming (regularly or habitually) something
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Add" in the given sentence is "bestow a quality on."
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "List" in the given sentence is "the property possessed by a line or surface that
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "mode" refers to the classification of propositions on the basis of whether they claim
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "set" in the given sentence is "establish as the highest level or best
semeval2015.d001.s053.t001	Answer: The sentence "You can set each graph its own color" means that each graph can have its own color, which
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	Response: The sentence "You can set each graph its own color" refers to the ability of each graph to have its own
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	Answer: The Foundation has recently been involved in organizing a conference which dealt with this critical challenge. The Foundation is an
semeval2015.d002.s000.t001	Answer: The Foundation has recently been involved in organizing a conference which dealt with this critical challenge.
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	Answer: The Foundation has recently been involved in organizing a conference which dealt with this critical challenge.
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	Answer: The Foundation has recently been involved in organizing a conference which dealt with this critical challenge. The Foundation is a
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	Answer: The Foundation has recently been involved in organizing a conference that dealt with this critical challenge. The conference is a
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "dealt" in the given sentence is "administer or bestow, as in
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	Answer: The Foundation has recently been involved in organizing a conference that dealt with this critical challenge.
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the given sentence is "questioning a statement and demanding an
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "participants" in the given sentence is "someone who takes part in an
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "main" in the sentence "Over 100 participants from the main interest groups
semeval2015.d002.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "interest groups" in the given sentence is "a social group whose members control some
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	Answer: Over 100 participants from the main interest groups attended and debated issues such as the role of key actors
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	Answer: According to the given sentence, "debated" means to have an argument about an issue.
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "issues" refers to the act of providing supplies (as food or clothing or
semeval2015.d002.s001.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "role" in the given sentence is "normal or customary activity of a person in
semeval2015.d002.s001.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "key" in the sentence "Over 100 participants from the main interest groups
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "actors" in the given sentence is "theatrical performer." The phrase
semeval2015.d002.s001.t009	Answer: According to the given sentence, "including" refers to the inclusion of key actors such as public authorities, social partners
semeval2015.d002.s001.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "public" in the given sentence is "affecting the people or community as a
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "authorities" in the given sentence is "an official written work."
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "social" in the given sentence is "marked by friendly companionship with others."
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "voluntary" in the given sentence is "controlled by individual volition."
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	Response: According to the given sentence, "community" refers to a group of people living in a particular local area, which
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "organisations" in the given sentence is "the act of forming or establishing
semeval2015.d002.s001.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "as well" in the given sentence is "in addition to."
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	Response: According to the given sentence, "service" refers to the act of public worship following prescribed rules.
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	Answer: Over 100 participants from the main interest groups attended and debated issues such as the role of key actors
semeval2015.d002.s002.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "relatively" in the given sentence is "in a relative manner" or "by
semeval2015.d002.s002.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "few" in the given sentence is "a small but indefinite number."
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cases" in the given sentence is "a special set of circumstances."
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "reported" refers to the fact that there were relatively few cases reported of attempts
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "attempts" in the given sentence is "the act of attacking."
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	Answer: According to the given sentence, "involve" refers to the involvement of users in service planning, which
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "users" in the given sentence is "a person who uses something or someone selfish
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	Answer: Definition 5: Canadian writer (born in England) who wrote about life in the Yukon Territory (
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "planning" in the given sentence is "the act or process of drawing up plans
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	Answer: The correct definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is "the act of sharing in the activities of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	Answer: Definition 5: Canadian writer (born in England) who wrote about life in the Yukon Territory (
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "provision" in the given sentence is "the cognitive process of thinking about what
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	Answer: Definition 1:"Found" in the sentence "There were relatively few cases reported of attempts to involve
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "comparative of much; to a greater
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "common" in the given sentence is "of or associated with the great masses of people
semeval2015.d002.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Note" in the following sentence is "a brief written record."
semeval2015.d002.s003.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition."
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "variety" refers to the different roles played by public welfare. The
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "different" in the given sentence is "marked by dissimilarity."
semeval2015.d002.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "roles" in the following sentence is "normal or customary activity of a person
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	Response: The sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by public welfare" refers to the
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "public" in the given sentence is "affecting the people or community as a
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "welfare" in the given sentence is "a contented state of being happy
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	Answer: The Foundation's meaning for "Foundation" in the given sentence is "the basis on which something is grounded
semeval2015.d002.s004.t001	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission and the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	Answer: The sentence "The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Gal
semeval2015.d002.s004.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Spanish" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic of
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission and the Galician regional government, a European conference on social ex
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "regional" in the given sentence is "related or limited to a particular region."
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t009	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission and the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	Answer: The sentence "The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Gal
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	Answer: The sentence "The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Gal
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	Response: The most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the given sentence is "a demanding or stimulating situation."
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	Answer: The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission, the Spanish Ministry of Social Affairs and the Galician regional government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t017	Response: According to the given text, "services" in the sentence "The Foundation organised, together with the European Commission
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	Answer: The Foundation's most suitable meaning for "Foundation" in the given sentence is "the act of starting something for
semeval2015.d002.s005.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recently" in the given sentence is "in the recent past."
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	Answer: The Foundation recently published a comparative study as part of the EPOC project which assesses the extent to which
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "comparative" in the given sentence is "estimated by comparison; not
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, the most suitable meaning for "study" in the following sentence is "a detailed
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	Response: The definition for "part" in the given sentence is "something less than the whole of a human artifact."
semeval2015.d002.s005.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "project" in the given sentence is "a planned undertaking."
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "assesses" in the given sentence is "estimate the value of (property)
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "extent" in the given sentence is "the distance or area or volume over which
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "direct" in the given sentence is "in precisely the same words used by a writer
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "participation" in the sentence "The Foundation recently published a comparative study as
semeval2015.d002.s005.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "humanise" in the given sentence is "increase profitability."
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	Response: The most suitable meaning for "work" in the given sentence is "the occupation for which you are paid."
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	Answer: According to the given sentence, "increasing" refers to the extent to which direct participation can humanize work
semeval2015.d002.s005.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "profitability" in the given sentence is "the quality of affording gain or
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	Response: The most suitable meaning for "study" in the given sentence is "a detailed critical inspection" as it
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	Answer: Based on the given sentence, "The study is based on 195 personal interviews with senior officials of
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	Answer: The sentence "The study is based on 195 personal interviews with senior officials of the social partners as
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	Answer: The study is based on 195 personal interviews with senior officials of the social partners as representatives of
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "senior" in the given sentence is "used of the fourth and final year in
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "officials" in the given sentence is "someone who administers the
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	Response: The correct definition for "social" in the given sentence is "marked by friendly companionship with others."
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	Answer: The definition for "representatives" in the sentence "The study is based on 195 personal inter
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "national" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or belonging to
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	Response: The definition for "level" in the given sentence is a specific identifiable position in a continuum or process.
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	Answer: The definition for "organisations" in the sentence "The study is based on 195 personal inter
semeval2015.d002.s006.t011	The most suitable meaning for "fifteen" in the given sentence is "being one more than fourteen." The sentence
semeval2015.d002.s006.t012	The most suitable meaning for "European" in the given sentence is "characteristic of Europe or the people of Europe."
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	Answer: The definition for "countries" in the sentence "The study is based on 195 personal interviews
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "important" in the following sentence is "of great significance or value."
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	Answer: According to the given sentence, "industrial" refers to the metal industry and the banking sector. The sentence
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	Response: The sentence "As important industrial sectors, the metal industry and the banking sector were also included" refers to
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "metal" in the following sentence is "a mixture containing two or more metall
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "industry" in the following sentence is "persevering determination to perform
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	Answer: The sentence "As important industrial sectors, the metal industry and the banking sector were also included" refers to
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	Response: The sentence "As important industrial sectors, the metal industry and the banking sector were also included" refers to
semeval2015.d002.s007.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence is "in addition."In this sentence,
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "included" in the following sentence is "be made up out of" as it
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "speakers" in the given sentence is "a high degree of Committee of the Reg
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "social" in the sentence "Key speakers at the social exclusion conference were (
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "exclusion" in the given sentence is the act of forcing out someone or something.
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conference" in the given sentence is "an association of sports teams that organizes
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	Answer: The correct meaning for "left" in the sentence "Key speakers at the social exclusion conference were ( left
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	Answer: The correct definition for "right" in the given sentence is "location near or direction toward the right side; i
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Employment" in the given sentence is "the act of using."
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Industrial" in the given sentence is "suitable to stand up to hard
semeval2015.d002.s008.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Relations" in the given sentence is "an abstraction belonging to or characteristic of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t009	The most suitable meaning for "Social Affairs" in the given sentence is "a gathering for the purpose of promoting
semeval2015.d002.s008.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Directorate" in the given sentence is "a group of persons chosen to govern
semeval2015.d002.s008.t011	The most suitable meaning for "European" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic of Europe or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Commission" in the given sentence is "a special group delegated to consider some
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "high" in the sentence "Key speakers at the social exclusion conference were (
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Committee" in the given sentence is "a self-constituted
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	Answer: The correct definition for "Member" in the given sentence is "an external body part that projects from the body."
semeval2015.d002.s008.t016	The most suitable meaning for "European" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic of Europe or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Parliament" in the given sentence is "a legislative assembly in which you play
semeval2015.d002.s008.t018	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Vice-President" in the given sentence is "an executive officer ranking immediately
semeval2015.d002.s008.t019	The most suitable meaning for "European" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic of Europe or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Parliament" in the given sentence is "a legislative assembly in which you play
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Economic" in the given sentence is "concerned with worldly
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Social" in the given sentence is "marked by friendly companionship with others
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Committee" in the given sentence is "a self-constituted
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	Answer: The sentence "Case Studies" is a noun, and it refers to a collection of case studies that present policies
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "national" in the given sentence is "of or relating to nationality."
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "report" refers to a written document describing the findings of some individual or group
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contains" in the sentence "Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio of between
semeval2015.d002.s009.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "portfolio" in the given sentence is "a set of pieces of creative work
semeval2015.d002.s009.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the given sentence is "the first of a series of actions
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "Case Studies" is a portfolio of between 25 and 30
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "policies" in the given sentence is "written contract or certificate of insurance
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "practices" in the given sentence is "systematic training by multiple repetitions
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	Answer: To improve is to make better or get better.
semeval2015.d002.s009.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recruitment" in the given sentence is "enlisting people for the army
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "training" in the given sentence is "the result of good upbringing (
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	Response: The definition for "development" in the sentence "Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio of between 2
semeval2015.d002.s009.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ageing" in the given sentence is "make older."
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	Response: According to the given sentence, "workers" refers to individuals who work at a specific occupation. Therefore, the
semeval2015.d002.s009.t015	Response: The sentence "Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio of between 25 and 30 initiatives
semeval2015.d002.s009.t016	Response: The definition for "place" in the sentence "Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio of between 2
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	Response: According to the given sentence, "community" refers to a group of people living in a particular local area, occupied
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	Answer: For each country, two or three initiatives have been selected for further in depth case study. These initiatives are
semeval2015.d002.s010.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the given sentence is "the first of a series of actions
semeval2015.d002.s010.t002	Answer: For each country, two or three initiatives have been selected for further in-depth case study. This means that
semeval2015.d002.s010.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "further" in the given sentence is "more distant in especially degree."
semeval2015.d002.s010.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "depth" in the given sentence is "the attribute or quality of being deep, strong
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	Response: The sentence "For each country, two or three initiatives have been selected for further in depth case study" refers
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	Answer: The sentence "These case studies analysed the background of the initiatives, their impact on employment patterns
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	Answer: The sentence "These case studies analysed the background of the initiatives, their impact on employment patterns
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "background" refers to the extraneous signals that can be confused with the phenomenon
semeval2015.d002.s011.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the given sentence is "the first of a series of actions
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "impact" in the given sentence is "influencing strongly."
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "employment" in the given sentence is "the act of using."
semeval2015.d002.s011.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "patterns" refers to the customary way of operation or behavior of the initi
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "work" refers to the activity of producing or accomplishing something through the effort or
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "organisations" refers to the group of people who work together to implement and
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	Response: Based on the given sentence, "assessed" refers to the process of evaluating the background of initiatives,
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefits" in the given sentence is "something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "problems" in the given sentence is "source of difficulty."
semeval2015.d002.s011.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "initiative" in the given sentence is "first of a series of actions."
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "Visits" in the given sentence is "a meeting arranged by the visitor to see someone
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "interviews" in the given sentence is "conference" as it is a conference
semeval2015.d002.s012.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "key" in the sentence "Visits and interviews with key personnel were also undert
semeval2015.d002.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "personnel" in the given sentence is "the department responsible for hiring and training
semeval2015.d002.s012.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition."
semeval2015.d002.s012.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "undertaken" in the given sentence is "accept as a charge."
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	Answer: The sentence "These national studies will form the basis of a European report which synthesizes overall practices" refers
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "studies" in this context refers to a European report that synthesizes overall
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "form" in the given sentence is "to establish or impress firmly in the mind
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "basis" in the given sentence is "the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
semeval2015.d002.s013.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "European" in the given sentence is "of or relating to or characteristic of
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "report" in this context refers to a European report that synthesizes overall practices
semeval2015.d002.s013.t006	Answer: Synthesizes refers to combining or combining multiple elements or concepts to create a new and more complex whole. In the
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	Answer: The sentence "These national studies will form the basis of a European report which synthesizes overall practices" means
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "practices" in the given sentence is "systematic training by multiple repetitions
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "report" in the given sentence is "a written evaluation of a student's scholar
semeval2015.d002.s014.t001	The correct definition for "casebook" in the given sentence is a book in which detailed written records of a case are kept
semeval2015.d002.s014.t002	Answer: The report and a casebook of initiatives will be published in 1996 and provide the backdrop
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	Answer: The sentence "The report and a casebook of initiatives will be published in 1996 and provide
semeval2015.d002.s014.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "provide" in the given sentence is "give what is desired or needed, especially
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "conference" in the given sentence is "a prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "staged" in the given sentence is "plan, organize, and carry out
semeval2015.d002.s014.t007	The most suitable meaning for "Autumn" in the given sentence is "the season when the leaves fall from the trees."
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	Answer: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of age barriers in job recruitment and training and to analyze their
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	Answer: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of age barriers in job recruitment and training and to analyze their
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "document" in the given sentence is "support or supply with references."
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "characteristics" in the following sentence is "a distinguishing quality" as it is
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	Answer: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of age barriers in job recruitment and training and to analyze their
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	Answer: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of age barriers in job recruitment and training and to analyze their
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	Answer: The definition of "job" in the sentence "The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of age barriers in
semeval2015.d002.s015.t007	Answer: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of age barriers in job recruitment and training and to analyze their
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "training" in the given sentence is "the result of good upbringing (
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	Answer: The Foundation aims to conduct a thorough analysis of the characteristics of age barriers in job recruitment and training
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "causes" in the given sentence is "a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	Answer: The perspectives of the social partners are being examined with particular attention paid to proposals for removing age bar
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	Response: The definition of "social" in the given sentence is "marked by friendly companionship with others."
semeval2015.d002.s016.t002	Answer: The definition for "also" in the given sentence is "in addition."
semeval2015.d002.s016.t003	Answer: The definition for "examined" in the given sentence is "subject to an analysis in order to discover essential
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	Answer: The definition of "particular" in the given sentence is "unique or specific to a person or thing or category
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	Response: The definition of "attention" in the given sentence is "the process whereby a person concentrates on some
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	Answer: The definition for "paid" in the given sentence is "to give money, usually in exchange for goods or
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	Answer: The definition of "proposals" in the given sentence is "an offer of marriage."
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	Answer: The definition for "removing" in the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners is also being exam
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	Answer: The definition of "age" in the given sentence is "an era of history having some distinctive feature."
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	Answer: The definition of "barriers" in the given sentence is "a structure or object that impedes free movement,
semeval2015.d002.s017.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Thirdly" in the given sentence is "in the third place."
semeval2015.d002.s017.t001	Answer: The sentence "Thirdly, the project documents and assesses initiatives, in both the public and private se
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	Answer: The sentence "Thirdly, the project documents and assesses initiatives, in both the public and private se
semeval2015.d002.s017.t003	Answer: The definition for "initiatives" in the given sentence is "the first of a series of actions."
semeval2015.d002.s017.t004	Answer: The sentence "Thirdly, the project documents and assesses initiatives, in both the public and private se
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	Answer: The sentence "Thirdly, the project documents and assesses initiatives, in both the public and private se
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "sectors" refers to a social group that forms part of the society or the
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	Answer: The sentence "Thirdly, the project documents and assesses initiatives, in both the public and private se
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	Answer: The definition of "barriers" in the given sentence is "anything serving to maintain separation by obstructing
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	Answer: The sentence "Thirdly, the project documents and assesses initiatives, in both the public and private se
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	Answer: The sentence "Thirdly, the project documents and assesses initiatives, in both the public and private se
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	Answer: The sentence "Thirdly, the project documents and assesses initiatives, in both the public and private se
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Seeking" in the sentence "Seeking alternatives to early retirement and
semeval2015.d002.s018.t001	The correct definition for "alternatives" in the given sentence is "one of a number of things from which only one can
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	Answer: The sentence "Seeking alternatives to early retirement and redundancy, the project is primarily concerned with the ret
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retirement" in the given sentence is "reintegration and retraining of older workers
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "redundancy" in the given sentence is "repetition of messages to reduce
semeval2015.d002.s018.t005	Answer: The project is primarily concerned with the retention, reintegration, and retraining of older workers.
semeval2015.d002.s018.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "primarily" in the given sentence is "of primary importance."
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "concerned" in the given sentence is "on the mind of." The
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retention" in the given sentence is "the act of retaining something."
semeval2015.d002.s018.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "reintegration" in the given sentence is "retention." The project is primarily concerned
semeval2015.d002.s018.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "retraining" in the given sentence is "train again."
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	Answer: (used for emphasis)The sentence "Seeking alternatives to early retirement and redundancy, the
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	Answer: The sentence "Seeking alternatives to early retirement and redundancy, the project is primarily concerned with the ret
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	Answer: The definition of "gender" in the given sentence is "a grammatical category in inflected languages gover
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "ethnic" in the given sentence is "not acknowledging the God of Christianity
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	Response: The definition for "backgrounds" in the given sentence is "the part of a scene (or picture) that
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	Answer: The definition of "workers" in the given sentence is "a person who works at a specific occupation."
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	Answer: The definition of "relate" in the given sentence is "be relevant to" or "give an account
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	Answer: The definition of "age" in the given sentence is "an era of history having some distinctive feature."
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "discrimination" in the given sentence is "the cognitive process whereby
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	Answer: The definition for "examined" in the given sentence is "subject to an analysis in order to discover essential
semeval2015.d002.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "project" in the given sentence is "a planned undertaking."
semeval2015.d002.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "also" in the sentence "The project also considers initiatives to combat age disc
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	Answer: The correct definition for "considers" in the given sentence is "weigh."
semeval2015.d002.s020.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the given sentence is "the first of a series of actions
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "age" in the following sentence is "prolonged period of time."
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "discrimination" in the given sentence is "cognitive process whereby
semeval2015.d002.s020.t006	Answer: The sentence "The project also considers initiatives to combat age discrimination in rural areas and in small and
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	Answer: The definition for "small" in the sentence "The project also considers initiatives to combat age discrimination
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	Answer: The project also considers initiatives to combat age discrimination in rural areas and in small and medium sized
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	Answer: The correct definition for "member" in the given sentence is "an external body part that projects from the body."
semeval2015.d002.s021.t001	Answer: The definition for "states" in the sentence "Seven member states are covered by the project : Belgium,
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	Answer: The sentence "Seven member states are covered by the project" refers to the fact that the project involves seven member
semeval2015.d002.s021.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "project" in the given sentence is "a planned undertaking."
semeval2015.d002.s021.t004	Answer: The sentence "Seven member states are covered by the project : Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Italy
semeval2015.d002.s021.t005	Answer: The definition for "Kingdom" in the sentence "Seven member states are covered by the project : Belg
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "document" in the given sentence is "a written account of ownership or obligation."
semeval2015.d003.s000.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "summary" in the given sentence is "brief statement that presents the main points in
semeval2015.d003.s000.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "European" in the given sentence is "characteristic of Europe or the people of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Public" in the given sentence is "affecting the people or community as a
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	Answer: The definition for "Assessment" in the given sentence is "the classification of someone or something with respect to
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Report" in the given sentence is "a written evaluation of a student's scholar
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "explains" in the given sentence is "serve as a reason or cause or
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	Answer: The Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use (CVMP) assessed the studies performed to reach
semeval2015.d003.s001.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Medicinal" in the given sentence is "having the properties of medicine."
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Products" refers to the set of elements common to two or more sets, which
semeval2015.d003.s001.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "Veterinary" in the given sentence is "a doctor who practices veterinary medicine
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "Use" in the given sentence is "the act of using" as it is the
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "assessed" in the given sentence is "estimate the value of (property)
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "studies" refers to the Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	Answer: According to the given sentence, "performed" refers to the process of evaluating the studies performed by the Committee
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "reach" in the following sentence refers to the Committee for Medicinal Products
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "recommendations" in the given sentence is "something that recommends (or
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Veterinary Use (CVMP) ass
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contains" in the given sentence is "hold back, as of a danger or an
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "active" in the following sentence refers to the active substance maropitant
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "substance" in the given sentence is "choicest or most vital part of
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "available" in the sentence refers to the availability of Cerenia as a
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tablet" in the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance marop
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "solution" in the given sentence is "a method for solving a problem." The
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "injection" in the given sentence is "the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tablets" in the given sentence is "a small flat compressed cake of
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	Response: The sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and have a score line on both sides so that they can
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	Answer: The definition for "score" in the given sentence is "a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	Response: The sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and have a score line on both sides so that they can
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	Response: The correct definition for "sides" in the given sentence is "a line segment forming part of the perimeter
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "so" in the given sentence is "in the same way" (i.e
semeval2015.d003.s004.t006	Answer: To halve a tablet, divide it by two and then cut it in half.
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tablet" in the given sentence is "a small flat compressed cake of
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "Each tablet is marked with the Pfizer logo on one side and with the
semeval2015.d003.s005.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "logo" in the given sentence is "a company emblem or device." The Pf
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "Each tablet is marked with the Pfizer logo on one side and with the
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "letters" in the given sentence is "a written message addressed to a person or
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "quantity" in the given sentence is "an adequate or large amount." The
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "other" in the given sentence is "very unusual; different in character or quality from
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "Each tablet is marked with the Pfizer logo on one side and with the
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "used" in the given sentence is "use up, consume fully."
semeval2015.d003.s007.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "anti-emetic" in the given sentence is "a drug that prevents or alle
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	Answer: The sentence "Cerenia is an anti-emetic, this means that it stops vomiting" means that
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "stops" refers to the fact that Cerenia is an anti-em
semeval2015.d003.s007.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "stop vomiting." The word "
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" in the sentence "It is used in dogs to prevent vomiting such
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "dogs" refers to the breed of dogs that have been domesticated by
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prevent" in the given sentence is "stop (someone or something) from doing
semeval2015.d003.s008.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "preventing vomiting" or "
semeval2015.d003.s008.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "preventing vomiting" or "
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "caused" in the given sentence is "cause to happen or occur, not
semeval2015.d003.s008.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the given sentence is "the use of chemical agents to treat
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicines" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" in the sentence "It is used in dogs to prevent vomiting such
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "treatment" in the given sentence is "artistic communication dealing with a particular
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the given sentence is "a small zodiacal constellation
semeval2015.d003.s008.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "known" in the following sentence refers to the ability to distinguish, recognize as being
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "cause" in the given sentence is "cause to happen or occur, not
semeval2015.d003.s008.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "preventing vomiting" or "
semeval2015.d003.s009.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "combination" in the following sentence refers to the use of other veterinary
semeval2015.d003.s009.t001	Answer: In combination with supportive measures such as other veterinary treatment or a special diet, Cerenia can also
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "measures" refers to any maneuver made as part of progress toward a
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	Response: Based on the given sentence, "other" in the sentence refers to other veterinary treatment or a special diet
semeval2015.d003.s009.t004	Answer: In combination with supportive measures such as other veterinary treatment or a special diet, Cerenia can also
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	Response: According to the given sentence, "treatment" in this context refers to the combination of supportive measures such
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	Response: According to the given sentence, "special" in the following sentence refers to the combination of supportive measures such as
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "diet" in the following sentence refers to a prescribed selection of foods
semeval2015.d003.s009.t008	Answer: In combination with supportive measures such as other veterinary treatment or a special diet, Cerenia can also
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	Response: According to the given sentence, "used" in the following sentence means "used in combination with supportive measures such
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "treatment" in this context refers to the combination of supportive measures such
semeval2015.d003.s009.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence is "the reflex act of eject
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "injection" in the following sentence is "the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "injection" in the following sentence is "the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	Response: According to the given text, "followed" in the sentence "In combination with supportive measures such as other
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	Response: According to the given sentence, "tablets" refers to a small pellet of medicine in the form of a
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "purposes" in the given sentence is "firmness of purpose."
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	Response: For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up to five days. The most suitable meaning for "g
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up to five days"
semeval2015.d003.s012.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "Cerenia blocks a neurokinin 1 ( NK1 ) re
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "receptor" in the given sentence is "an organ having nerve endings (
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "acts" refers to the neurokinin 1 ( NK1 )
semeval2015.d003.s012.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "central nervous system" in the given sentence is "the portion of the vertebr
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "studied" refers to being a student of a certain subject.
semeval2015.d003.s014.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "large number" in the given sentence is "a large indefinite number."
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "studies" in the following sentence refers to a detailed critical inspection, applying
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	Answer: According to the given sentence, "carried out" refers to the process of conducting a study or experiment.
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "laboratory" in the given sentence is "a workplace for the conduct of
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	Response: According to the given sentence, "dogs" refers to large numbers of studies with Cerenia, which are
semeval2015.d003.s014.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "patients" in the given sentence is "the semantic role of an entity that is
semeval2015.d003.s014.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "veterinary" in the given sentence is "of or relating to veterin
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	Answer: (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number more than 2 or 3 but not
semeval2015.d003.s014.t008	Answer: The correct definition for "European countries" in the given sentence is "any one of the countries occupying the
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "benefit" in the given sentence is "something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "shown" in the sentence means "to establish the validity of something,
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	Response: Based on the given sentence, "What benefit has Cerenia shown during the studies?" refers to the findings
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "results" in the given sentence is "solution" as it solves the problem of
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "studies" in the following sentence refers to a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "showed" in the following sentence means "establish the validity of
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "more" in the given sentence is "more" in the comparative of much;
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "effective" in the given sentence is "working well as a means or remedy
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "placebo" in the given sentence is "less vomiting" as it is used
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "less" in the given sentence is "less" in the context of quantification.
semeval2015.d003.s016.t007	The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "less vomiting" as "vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	Answer: The definition of "seen" in the given sentence is "perceive by sight or have the power to perce
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	Response: The most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the given sentence is "a member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s016.t010	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" in the following sentence means "go through" or "exper
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the given sentence is "the learned profession that is devoted to
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	Response: The most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the given sentence is "a member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s016.t013	Response: According to the given sentence, "received" in the following sentence means "go through" or "exper
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "placebo" in the given sentence is "less vomiting" as it is used
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	Response: According to the given sentence, "treatment" in the following sentence refers to the medical procedures or applications that
semeval2015.d003.s016.t016	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "prevention" in the given sentence is "the act of preventing." The word
semeval2015.d003.s016.t017	The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "less vomiting" as "vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	Response: According to the given sentence, "treatment" refers to the medical procedure or application that is intended to rel
semeval2015.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "the reflex act of ejecting the
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dog" in the given sentence is "a dull unattractive unple
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "started" refers to the action of injecting the treatment for vomiting dogs
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	Answer: The correct definition for "injection" in the given sentence is "the act of putting a liquid into the body
semeval2015.d003.s017.t005	The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "the reflex act of ejecting the
semeval2015.d003.s017.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "animals" in the given sentence is "living organisms characterized by volunt
semeval2015.d003.s017.t007	The correct definition for "not" in the given sentence is "negation of a word or group of words." The sentence
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "able" in the given sentence is "having the necessary means or skill or know
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tablet" in the given sentence is "a small flat compressed cake of
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	Answer: The correct definition for "intact" in the given sentence is "lacking nothing essential especially not damaged."
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tablet" in the given sentence is "a small flat compressed cake of
semeval2015.d003.s017.t012	The correct definition for "again" in the given sentence is "against" or "against the opposite
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	Answer: For follow-up treatment, the animal owner can administer the tablets to the dog. This is a piece
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "treatment" in the following sentence is "artistic communication dealing with a particular
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	Answer: (law) someone who owns (is legal possessor of) a business.
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	Answer: For follow-up treatment, the animal owner can administer the tablets to the dog.
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "tablets" in the given sentence is "a small flat compressed cake of
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	Response: The most suitable meaning for "dog" in the given sentence is "a member of the genus Canis (pro
semeval2015.d003.s019.t000	Answer: Also, the treatment of vomiting should be provided alongside other supportive measures or other veterinary therapies while
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	Response: According to the given sentence, "treatment" refers to the management of someone or something, as it is
semeval2015.d003.s019.t002	The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "the reflex act of ejecting the
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "only" in the given sentence is "except that." The sentence "Also, the
semeval2015.d003.s019.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "together with" in the given sentence is "combined."
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Other" in the sentence refers to "other supportive measure" or "other
semeval2015.d003.s019.t006	Response: The most suitable meaning for "supportive" in the given sentence is "furnishing support or assistance."
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	Response: According to the given sentence, "measure" refers to the act or process of assigning numbers to phenomena according to
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	Response: Based on the given sentence, "Other" in the sentence refers to "other supportive measure" or "other
semeval2015.d003.s019.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "veterinary" in the given sentence is "of or relating to veterin
semeval2015.d003.s019.t010	Response: The most suitable meaning for "therapy" in the given sentence is "medication or remedial training
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	Response: According to the given sentence, "addressing" refers to the act of speaking to someone or putting an address on
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "underlying" in the given sentence is "be or form the base for." The
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	Response: According to the given sentence, "causes" refers to the underlying causes of vomiting. Therefore, the most
semeval2015.d003.s019.t014	The most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the given sentence is "the reflex act of ejecting the
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "risk" in the given sentence is "the probability of being exposed to an inf
semeval2015.d003.s020.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "associated" in the given sentence is "keep company with; hang out with."
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	Answer: According to the given sentence, "generally" refers to the fact that Cerenia was generally well tolerated
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	Answer: (often used as a combining form) in a good or proper or satisfactory manner or to a high standard
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "tolerated" means "acceptable or permissible" or "res
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	Answer: According to the given sentence, "administered" refers to the process of administering medications or other
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "daily" in the given sentence is "progressively." The sentence states that C
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "dosages" in the given sentence is "a measured portion of medicine taken at
semeval2015.d003.s021.t006	Response: The sentence "Cerenia was generally well tolerated when administered daily at dosages up to 5
semeval2015.d003.s021.t007	Answer: According to the given sentence, "recommended" means "well tolerated" when administered daily at
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "doses" in the given sentence is "a communicable infection transmitted by
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "extended" in the given sentence is "relatively long in duration; tediously
semeval2015.d003.s021.t010	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "period of time" in the given sentence is "an amount of time." The sentence
semeval2015.d003.s021.t011	Response: The sentence "Cerenia was generally well tolerated when administered daily at dosages up to 5
semeval2015.d003.s021.t012	The most suitable meaning for "maximum" in the given sentence is "the greatest or most complete or best possible." The
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "duration" in the given sentence is "continuance in time."
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "treatment" in the given sentence is "artistic communication dealing with a particular
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	Answer: The precautions for the person who gives the medicine or comes into contact with the animal are judiciousness in
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "person" in the given sentence is "a human body (usually including the cl
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "gives" in the given sentence is "transfer possession of something concrete or abstract
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	Response: The correct answer is (medicine) something that treats or prevents or alleviates the symptoms of
semeval2015.d003.s022.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "comes into" in the given sentence is "obtain, especially accidentally."
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "contact" in the given sentence is "the act of touching physically."
semeval2015.d003.s022.t006	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "animal" in the given sentence is "living organism characterized by volunt
semeval2015.d003.s023.t000	Answer: Negation of a word or group of words is the process of removing the meaning of a word or group of words
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	Response: According to the given text, "represent" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	Response: According to the given sentence, "particular" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	Response: According to the given sentence, "risk" in this context refers to the probability of becoming infected given that
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	Answer: The most suitable meaning for "people" in the given sentence is "members of a family line."
