senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "art" in this sentence is:**3) a superior skill that you can learn by
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "peculiar" in this sentence is:**2) unique or specific to a person
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "English" in this sentence is **2) the people of England**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is:**1) (superlative of `many' used
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable definition in this context is:1) of or relating to or characteristic of England or its culture or people
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "peculiarities" in this sentence is:**1) an odd or unusual characteristic**
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "unintelligible" in this context is:2) not clearly understood or expressed The
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable definition of "rest" in this context is:**2) freedom from activity (work or strain or
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable definition of "world" in this sentence is **5) people in general considered as a whole**.
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "scenes" in this sentence is:**3) the visual percept of a region**
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "evoke" in this sentence is:**5) call to mind** Here
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "loveliest" in this sentence is:1) **appealing to the emotions as well
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "ancient" in this context is **2) very old**. While the sentence evokes a
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "stone" in this sentence is:**2) building material consisting of a piece of rock
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is:**2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "stands" in this sentence is:**3) occupy a place or location, also metaphor
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "fields" in this sentence is:**9) extensive tract of level open land**
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable definition for "sound" in this sentence is:1) **the particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable definition for "cascading" in this sentence is:1) rush down in big quantities, like
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this sentence is:1) **a structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable definition for "calling" in this sentence is:**5) order, request, or command to come
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable definition of "faithful" in this context is:2) a group of people who adhere to a common
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable definition for "evensong" in this context is:**1) the sixth of the seven canonical
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "stop" in this sentence is **11) stop and wait, as if awaiting further instructions
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "door" in this sentence is:2) the entrance (the space in a wall)
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "here" in this sentence is:**1) in or at this place; where the
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "always" in this sentence is:**2) without variation or change, in every case
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this sentence is:1) a structure taller than its diameter; can stand
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "men" in this sentence is:1) **an adult person who is male (as
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "pull" in this sentence is:**1) cause to move by pulling**
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in this sentence is:1) a strong line The sentence describes
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **1) same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is **2) the initial time**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable definition for "sounded" in this sentence is:**3) give off a certain sound or sounds
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable definition for "here" in this sentence is:1) **in or at this place; where the
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	Both definitions are suitable, but **1) not in agreement or harmony** is slightly more precise. Here's
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition of "note" in this sentence is:3) a notation representing the pitch and duration of a
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "enjoying" in this sentence is:**1) derive or receive pleasure from; get
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable definition of "cool" in this sentence is:1) **neither warm nor very cold; giving relief
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this sentence is:1) the latter part of the day (the period
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is:1) (superlative of `many' used with
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "churches" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "sets" in this sentence is:1) **a group of things of the same kind
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is:3) at a previous time The sentence is
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable definition for "Sunday" in this sentence is:1) first day of the week; observed as a
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable definition for "morning" in this sentence is:1) the time period between dawn and noon
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this sentence is:1) the latter part of the day (the period
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is:**3) the act of public worship following prescribed rules
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "Now" in this sentence is **4) at the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **2) without any others being included or involved**.
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a particular
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in this context is:**3) a contestant entered in a competition under false
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "remains" in this sentence is:**3) be left; of persons, questions,
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "here" in this sentence is:1) in or at this place; where the speaker
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "today" in this sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (as
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "live" in this sentence is:1) **inhabit or live in; be an
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "group" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "including" in this sentence is:**3) add as part of something else; put
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "training" in this sentence is:1) **activity leading to skilled behavior**
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "drive" in this sentence is:**16) proceed along in a vehicle**
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable definition for "Sunday" in this sentence is:1) first day of the week; observed as a
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "effort" in this sentence is:**2) use of physical or mental energy; hard
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "keep" in this sentence is:**2) continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "sounding" in this sentence is:**3) give off a certain sound or sounds**
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable definition of "even" in this sentence is **4) to the full extent**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is **1) work done by one person or group that benefits another
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this sentence is:1) **a structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition of "scrape" in this context is **5) gather (money or other resources) together over time
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "worker" in this sentence is:1) **a person who works at a specific occupation
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition of "tried" in this sentence is:1) **make an effort or attempt**
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "train" in this sentence is **3) develop (children's) behavior by instruction and
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "discos" in this sentence is:**1) popular dance music (especially in the
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "dances" in this sentence is **3) taking a series of rhythmical steps (and
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "just" in this sentence is **1) and nothing more**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "drift" in this sentence is:**2) wander from a direct course or at random
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "away" in this sentence is:**1) from a particular thing or place or position
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "worries" in this sentence is:**3) disturb the peace of mind of;
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "youth" in this sentence is **2) young people collectively**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "ranks" in this sentence is:**5) the body of members of an organization or
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "group" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "keeps" in this sentence is:**2) continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "History" in the sentence "History, after all, is not on his side" is:
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is **6) an aspect of something (as contrasted with some other
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "survey" in this context is:1) **a detailed critical inspection** Here
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this sentence is:**24) ascertain or determine by measuring, computing
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "no" in this sentence is:**2) not in any degree or manner; not
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable definition for "rung" in this sentence is:3) make (bells) ring, often for the
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	1) first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians Let me know if
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable definition for "ring" in this sentence is:3) make (bells) ring, often for the
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "easy" in this sentence is:**1) posing no difficulty; requiring little effort**
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "see" in this sentence is **5) deem to be**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "ancient" in this sentence is **2) very old**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable definition in this context is **1) the products of human creativity; works of art collectively**. Here
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "less" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of little** Here'
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "version" in this sentence is:**1) an interpretation of a matter from a particular
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "playing" in this sentence is:**7) perform music on (a musical instrument)**
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "tunes" in this sentence is:1) a succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is **9) a percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned bells
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "continental" in this sentence is:1) **of or pertaining to or typical of Europe
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "Europe" in this sentence is:**1) the 2nd smallest continent (actually
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "considered" in this sentence is:**1) deem to be** Here'
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "English" in this sentence is **2) the people of England**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The most suitable definition of "fit" in this sentence is:1) **meeting adequate standards for a purpose**
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **2) without any others being included or involved**.
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	The most suitable definition for "foreigners" in this sentence is:1) a person who comes from a foreign country
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "English" in this sentence is:2) the people of England The sentence is
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "invented" in this context is:1) come up with (an idea, plan
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "requires" in this sentence is **4) have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "physical" in this sentence is:1) **involving the body as distinguished from the
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable definition of "weigh" in this sentence is **3) determine the weight of**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable definition for "intense" in this sentence is:2) extremely sharp or intense The sentence describes
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable definition for "mental" in this context is:1) **involving the mind or an intellectual process
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable definition for "concentration" in this sentence is:5) complete attention; intense mental effort The
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition in this context is:1) of or relating to or characteristic of England or its culture or people
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "rounds" in this context is:**2) an interval during which a recurring sequence of
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "highest-pitched" in this context is:1) used of sounds and voices; high
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "bell" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "lowest" in this sentence is **5) used of sounds and voices; low in pitch or
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "simple" in this context is:**2) easy and not involved or complicated**
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "scale" in this sentence is:6) (music) a series of notes differing in
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "churches" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "Then" in this sentence is:1) **subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "signal" in this sentence is:1) **any nonverbal action or gesture that encodes a
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "begin" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "varying" in this sentence is:1) **become different in some particular way, without
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "order" in this sentence is:**4) logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "sound" in this sentence is:**2) make a certain noise or sound**
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "altering" in this sentence is:**1) cause to change; make different;
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable definition for "steady" in this sentence is:**2) not liable to fluctuate or especially to fall
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "rhythm" in this sentence is:**2) recurring at regular intervals** Here
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	The most suitable definition for "striking" in this context is:**2) the act of contacting one thing with
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "variation" in this sentence is:**4) something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "occur" in this sentence is:1) **come to pass** Here'
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is:**2) without any others being included or involved**
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is:1) **on one occasion** The sentence
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this sentence is:**3) prescribed guide for conduct or action**
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	The most suitable definition for "state" in this sentence is **2) indicate through a symbol, formula, etc.**
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "Ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "methods" in this context is:1) a way of doing something, especially a systematic
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "names" in this context is:1) **a language unit by which a person or
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "series" in this sentence is:1) **similar things placed in order or happening one
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "takes" in this sentence is:**2) require (time or space)**
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "about" in this sentence is:1) **(of quantities) imprecise but fairly
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "hours" in this sentence is:1) a period of time equal to 1/
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "look" in this sentence is:2) the act of directing the eyes toward something and
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "night" in this sentence is:1) **the time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "practice" in this sentence is **2) systematic training by multiple repetitions**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "gives" in this sentence is:**4) convey or reveal information** The
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing you
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable definition of "work" in this sentence is:1) **activity directed toward making or doing something**
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this sentence is **1) connected by participation or association or use**.
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:**3) a contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "stand" in this sentence is **3) occupy a place or location, also metaphorically**.
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "circle" in this sentence is **3) something approximating the shape of a circle**.
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition of "foot" in this sentence is:**2) a linear unit of length equal to
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in this sentence is **3) in a forward direction**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "stance" in this sentence is:1) **standing posture** The sentence describes
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "pulling" in this sentence is:**1) cause to move by pulling**
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "rope" in this context is:1) a strong line The sentence describes people
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "small" in this sentence is **2) limited in size or scope**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "hole" in this sentence is:**2) an opening deliberately made in or through something
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for "high" in this sentence is:2) (literal meaning) being at or having a
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable definition for "ceiling" in this sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface of a covered space
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable definition for "chamber" in this sentence is:1) **a natural or artificial enclosed space**
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "speaks" in this sentence is **1) express in speech**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in this sentence is:1) a strong line The sentence describes
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable definition of "sound" in this context is:1) **the particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable definition for "muffled" in this sentence is:2) deaden (a sound or noise),
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for "ceiling" in this sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface of a covered space
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "absorbed" in this sentence is:1) **giving or marked by complete attention to**
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is **1) a person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "stare" in this context is:1) **look at with fixed eyes**
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "straight" in this sentence is:**3) in a straight line; in a direct
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in this sentence is **3) in a forward direction**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "call" in this sentence is:**2) ascribe a quality to or give a name
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "watch" in this sentence is **2) follow with the eyes or the mind**.
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in this context is:1) a strong line The sentence describes
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable definition for "thus" in this sentence is:1) **(used to introduce a logical conclusion)
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable definition of "time" in this context is:**3) set the speed, duration, or execution
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable definition for "pulls" in this sentence is:1) **the act of pulling; applying force
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "far" in this sentence is:2) at or to or from a great distance in
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "above" in this sentence is:2) in or to a place that is higher
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "bronze" in this sentence is:2) made from or consisting of bronze The
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "mounted" in this sentence is:**3) fix onto a backing, setting, or
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable definition for "wheels" in this sentence is:1) a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable definition for "swing" in this sentence is:**3) change direction with a swinging motion; turn
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable definition for "madly" in this sentence is **1) in an uncontrolled manner**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable definition for "full" in this sentence is:**2) constituting the full quantity or extent; complete
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable definition for "degrees" in this sentence is:4) a measure for arcs and angles The
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable definition for "starting" in this sentence is **9) begin or set in motion**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable definition for "ending" in this sentence is **3) be the last or concluding part of**.
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable definition for "inverted" in this sentence is:1) **being in such a position that top and
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable definition for "position" in this sentence is:**1) the particular portion of space occupied by something
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "retard" in this context is:1) **cause to move more slowly or operate at
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for "swing" in this context is **3) a sweeping blow or stroke**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is:**3) in such a condition or manner, especially
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable definition for "bell" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable definition for "swap" in this sentence is:1) **exchange or give (something) in exchange
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "places" in this sentence is **13) proper or designated social situation** Here
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "well-known" in this context is:1) **widely or fully known**
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this sentence is:**3) have as a necessary feature**
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is **2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable definition in this context is:1) **of or relating to or characteristic of England or its culture or
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable definition for "described" in this sentence is:**2) to give an account or representation of in
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable definition of "passion" in this context is:**1) a strong feeling or emotion**
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable definition for "finds" in this sentence is **2) discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable definition for "satisfaction" in this context is:**1) the contentment one feels when one has fulfilled
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable definition for "mathematical" in this context is:**5) characterized by the exactness or precision of
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable definition for "completeness" in this context is:1) **the state of being complete and entire
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable definition for "mechanical" in this context is:**2) relating to or concerned with machinery or tools
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable definition of "perfection" in this context is:**1) the state of being without a flaw
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "Ringers" in this context is:1) **a person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "added" in this sentence is:**2) state or say further** The
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "filled" in this sentence is:1) **(usually followed by `with' or
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "solemn" in this context is:1) **dignified and somber in manner
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "comes" in this sentence is:**4) reach or enter a state, relation,
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for "ritual" in this context is:**2) the prescribed procedure for conducting religious ceremonies**
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable definition for "performed" in this sentence is:**1) carry out or perform an action**
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is:**1) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "obsession" in this context is:**2) an unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with something
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable definition of "admits" in this sentence is:1) **declare to be true or admit the
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "master" in this sentence is **9) an authority qualified to teach apprentices**. Here
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for "best" in this sentence is:1) **(superlative of `good') having
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) characteristic of or peculiar to a woman**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "passion" in this sentence is:**1) a strong feeling or emotion**
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "stays" in this sentence is:**4) continue in a place, position, or
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this sentence is:1) a structure taller than its diameter; can stand
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "however" in this sentence is:**1) despite anything to the contrary (usually following
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "More" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of much; to a greater degree
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "think of" in this sentence is:**3) look on as or consider**
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "bottom" in this sentence is **2) the lowest part of anything**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "completed" in this sentence is:**1) come or bring to a finish or an
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "worked up" in this sentence is **2) develop**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable definition of "sweat" in this context is:1) **salty fluid secreted by sweat glands**
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "skip" in this sentence is **3) jump lightly**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a particular
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "leaving" in this sentence is:**1) go away from a place**
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable definition of "worship" in this context is **1) the activity of worshipping**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "below" in this sentence is **4) on a floor below**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "well" in this sentence is:**5) to a suitable or appropriate extent or degree
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "membership" in this sentence is:1) the body of members of an organization or group
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "steadily" in this sentence is:**1) at a steady rate or pace**
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable definition for "vicars" in this sentence is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "pressing" in this sentence is:**9) exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or ob
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "equally" in this sentence is:1) **to the same degree (often followed
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable definition for "attend" in this sentence is:1) **be present at (meetings, church services
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable definition for "services" in this context is:**3) the act of public worship following prescribed rules
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in this sentence is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is:**2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is:**1) to a very great extent or degree**
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "attend" in this sentence is:1) be present at (meetings, church services,
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is:**3) the act of public worship following prescribed rules
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable definition of "sacked" in this context is:2) terminate the employment of; discharge from an
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable definition for "entire" in this sentence is:1) **constituting the full quantity or extent;
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable definition for "promptly" in this sentence is:**1) with little or no delay**
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable definition for "protest" in this sentence is:**2) the act of protesting; a public (
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "club" in this sentence is:2) **a formal association of people with similar interests
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "treated" in this sentence is **8) regard or consider in a specific way**.
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "tower" in this sentence is:1) **a structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable definition of "sort" in this context is:**2) an approximate definition or example**Here
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "separate" in this context is:**1) independent; not united or joint**
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "today" in this sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (as
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "congregation" in this sentence is:1) a group of people who adhere to a
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "still" in this sentence is:**2) despite anything to the contrary (usually following
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "ring" in this sentence is:3) make (bells) ring, often for the
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is **1) a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "silent" in this context is **4) not made to sound**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "following" in this sentence is:**6) come after in time, as a result
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in this sentence is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "refuses" in this sentence is:**1) show unwillingness towards** Here
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) discuss or mention**. Here's why:* The
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in this sentence is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "feels" in this sentence is:**2) come to believe on the basis of emotion
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable definition of "fault" in this sentence is:**6) responsibility for a bad situation or event**
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is:2) nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable definition for "altar" in this sentence is:1) the table in Christian churches where communion is given
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "So" in this sentence is **6) in the way indicated; ; ; (`thusly
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "here" in this sentence is **3) to this place (especially toward the speaker)**.
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for "come" in this sentence is:**1) move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable definition for "above" in this sentence is:2) in or to a place that is higher
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	The most suitable definition for "very" in this sentence is:1) **used as intensifiers; `real'
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable definition for "exit" in this sentence is **3) the act of going out**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable definition for "congregation" in this sentence is:1) a group of people who adhere to a
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable definition for "prayer" in this context is:1) **the act of communicating with a deity (
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **8) utter aloud**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable definition of "admits" in this sentence is:1) **declare to be true or admit the
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "mixed" in this sentence is:1) **consisting of a haphazard assortment of different
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "feelings" in this sentence is:1) **the experiencing of affective and emotional states**
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "issue" in this sentence is:1) **an important question that is in dispute and
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in this sentence is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for "active" in this sentence is **4) taking part in an activity**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	The most suitable definition for "bell-ringer" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "sound" in this sentence is:1) **the particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this sentence is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "draw" in this sentence is:**16) bring or lead someone to a certain
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is **1) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition of "live" in this sentence is **2) lead a certain kind of life; live in a
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in this sentence is:**2) the general feeling that some desire will
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is **3) a contestant entered in a competition under false pret
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable definition for "drawn" in this sentence is:**16) bring or lead someone to a certain
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "fuller" in this sentence is **3) complete in extent or degree and in every particular
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable definition for "life" in this sentence is **1) a characteristic state or mode of living**.
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "sort" in this sentence is:1) **a category of things distinguished by some common
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "parliament" in this sentence is:1) a legislative assembly in certain countries The
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "groups" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "aims" in this sentence is:**2) propose or intend** The
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "improve" in this context is:1) to make better The sentence talks about
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "vicars" in this context is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is:**4) the officer who presides at the meetings
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in this sentence is **1) expect and wish**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "speak" in this sentence is **4) give a speech to**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "students" in this sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable definition for "colleges" in this sentence is:**2) an institution of higher education created to
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "joys" in this sentence is:**1) the emotion of great happiness**
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable definition for "bell ringing" in this context is:3) playing a set of bells that are (
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable definition for "shortly" in this sentence is:**2) in the near future**
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable definition for "publish" in this sentence is:**2) prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable definition of "vicar" in this context is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**2) the territory occupied by a nation**
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The most suitable definition for "entitled" in this sentence is **2) give a title to**. The sentence states
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable definition for "care" in this sentence is:5) **attention and management implying responsibility for safety**
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "Says" in this sentence is:**8) utter aloud** Here's
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "recognize" in this sentence is:2) be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "no" in this sentence is:**2) not in any degree or manner; not
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable definition for "high" in this sentence is **3) standing above others in quality or position**.
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable definition for "priority" in this sentence is:1) **status established in order of importance or urgency
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "church" in this sentence is **2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship**.
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is:**1) a characteristic state or mode of living**
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable definition for "experience" in this sentence is:**1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "attacking" in this sentence is **2) attack in speech or writing**. Here
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this sentence is:**1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable definition of "ringers" in this context is:3) a contestant entered in a competition under false
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "survey" in this sentence is:**1) a detailed critical inspection** Here
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **11) indicate**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "bellringers" in this sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable definition for "today" in this sentence is:**2) the day that includes the present moment (
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **2) without any others being included or involved**.
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable definition for "still" in this sentence is:1) **with reference to action or condition; without
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable definition for "always" in this sentence is:**2) without variation or change, in every case
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable definition of "live" in this sentence is:1) **inhabit or live in; be an
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable definition for "bells" in this context is:1) **a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable definition for "need" in this sentence is:**1) require as useful, just, or proper
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable definition for "rung" in this sentence is:3) make (bells) ring, often for the
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable definition for "small" in this sentence is:**2) limited in size or scope**
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "council" in this sentence is **1) a body serving in an administrative capacity**.
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "program" in this sentence is:**2) a system of projects or services intended to
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable definition of "attract" in this sentence is:1) **direct toward itself or oneself by means
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "train" in this sentence is:**7) teach and supervise (someone); act as
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:3) **a contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **3) with nevertheless the final result**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is:**1) express in words** Here'
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "Right" in this sentence is **7) completely**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in this sentence is **4) at the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable definition of "lucky" in this sentence is **2) having or bringing good fortune**. Here'
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in this context is:**3) a contestant entered in a competition under false
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	The most suitable definition for "adds" in this sentence is:2) state or say further The sentence implies
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable definition of "bright" in this sentence is **6) splendid**. Here's why:
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "sign" in this sentence is:**8) an event that is experienced as indicating important
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable definition for "number" in this sentence is:1) **the property possessed by a sum or total
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for "entered" in this sentence is:**2) become a participant; be involved in**
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable definition of "once" in this sentence is:3) at a previous time The sentence is
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable definition for "field" in this sentence is:**7) a particular environment or walk of life**
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable definition of "third" in this sentence is:1) one of three equal parts of a divisible whole
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is **3) a contestant entered in a competition under false pret
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable definition for "today" in this sentence is:**2) the day that includes the present moment (
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "accepted" in this sentence is:**5) admit into a group or community**
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable definition for "however" in this sentence is:1) **despite anything to the contrary (usually following
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "bell-ringing" in this context is:3) playing a set of bells that are
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "group" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**2) the territory occupied by a nation**
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "founded" in this sentence is:**1) set up or found** The
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable definition for "remains" in this sentence is:**1) stay the same; remain in a certain
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this context is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "particularly" in this sentence is:1) **to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable definition for "group" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **1) used to form the superlative**. Here
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable definition for "churches" in this context is:2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable definition of "filed" in this context is:**4) file a formal charge against**
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable definition of "suit" in this context is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "extent" in this sentence is:1) **the point or degree to which something extends
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this sentence is:**1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable definition for "surfaced" in this sentence is:**3) appear or become visible; make a
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	The most suitable definition for "summer" in this context is:1) the warmest season of the year; in the
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable definition for "series" in this sentence is:1) **similar things placed in order or happening one
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "letters" in this context is:1) a written message addressed to a person or organization
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	The most suitable definition for "newspaper" in this context is:1) a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets;
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "writer" in this context is **1) writes (books or stories or articles or the like
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "signing" in this context is:1) **mark with one's signature; write
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable definition for "letter" in this context is:1) a written message addressed to a person or organization
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable definition in this context is:2) a person who belongs to the sex that cannot have babies
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for "remarked" in this sentence is:**2) make or write a comment on**
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable definition of "frequency" in this context is:1) **the number of occurrences within a given time
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable definition in this context is **1) an adult female person (as opposed to a man)**.
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "suggested" in this context is **1) make a proposal, declare a plan for something**.
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable definition of "back" in this context is **3) in or to or toward an original condition**.
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "traditional" in this context is:**1) consisting of or derived from tradition**
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable definition of "role" in this context is:1) **the actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable definition for "making" in this context is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable definition of "tea" in this context is **2) a light midafternoon meal of tea and sandwiches
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in this context is:**1) a formally arranged gathering** Here
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable definition for "torrent" in this sentence is:3) an overwhelming number or amount The sentence
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "replies" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or written) that
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "followed" in this sentence is:**6) come after in time, as a result
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is **1) an adult female person (as opposed to a man
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in this context is:**2) a person who is almost identical to another
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable definition for "observed" in this sentence is **2) make mention of**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:**2) lacking special distinction, rank, or status
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable definition for "male" in this context is **2) characteristic of a man**. Here's
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in this context is:**2) a person who is almost identical to another
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable definition for "badly" in this sentence is:**2) (`ill' is often used as
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable definition for "dressed" in this context is **1) dressed or clothed especially in fine attire; often used
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The most suitable definition for "large" in this context is:1) **above average in size or number or quantity
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The most suitable definition for "unwashed" in this context is:2) not cleaned with or as if with soap
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "wrote" in this sentence is:**2) communicate or express by writing**
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "never" in this sentence is:1) **not ever; at no time in the
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable definition of "known" in this sentence is:**1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "lady" in this context is **1) a polite name for any woman**. Here
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "belfry" in this sentence is:2) a room (often at the top of
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "seen" in this sentence is:**3) perceive or be contemporaneous with**
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "men" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable definition of "die" in this sentence is:1) **pass from physical life and lose all bodily
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "medical" in this sentence is:1) **relating to the study or practice of
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "starting" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "handful" in this sentence is:1) a small number or amount While
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "unleash" in this sentence is:**3) turn loose or free from restraint
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "chaotic" in this sentence is:**2) completely unordered and unpredictable and confusing
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this sentence is **6) (pathology) an abnormal proliferation of tissue (
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable definition for "characterizes" in this sentence is:**1) describe or portray the character or the
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this sentence is:1) the act of discovering something The sentence
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this sentence is:2) of the immediate past or just previous to the
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "develops" in this sentence is:**10) grow, progress, unfold,
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "understanding" in this sentence is:**1) the cognitive condition of someone who understands**
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "expected" in this sentence is:1) **regard something as probable or likely**
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "produce" in this sentence is:**1) bring forth or yield** Here
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "array" in this sentence is:**1) an orderly arrangement** Here'
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for "strategies" in this sentence is:1) an elaborate and systematic plan of action
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "future" in this sentence is:1) **yet to be or coming**
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (especially medical
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "future" in the sentence "That is for the future" is:1) the time
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "developing" in this sentence is:**10) grow, progress, unfold, or
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "based" in this sentence is:1) **use as a basis for; found on
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "identified" in this sentence is:**5) identify as in botany or biology, for
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is:**1) preceding all others in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is:**5) the continuum of experience in which events pass
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for "otherwise" in this sentence is:1) **in other respects or ways**
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable definition for "healthy" in this sentence is:1) having or indicating good health in body or mind
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	The most suitable definition in this context is **1) a human being**. Here's why:* **
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "likely" in this sentence is:**2) likely but not certain to be or become
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for "get" in this sentence is:**13) be stricken by an illness, fall
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "set" in this sentence is:**1) a group of things of the same kind
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this sentence is **2) something that is discovered**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "Only" in this sentence is **7) as recently as**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "decade" in this sentence is:1) a period of 10 years
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable definition of "knew" in this sentence is:1) **be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "molecular" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or produced by or consisting
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is:**3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "Today" in this sentence is:**1) the present time or age**
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:1) **be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "accumulation" in this sentence is:**1) an increase by natural growth or addition**
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "altered" in this sentence is:1) **changed in form or character without becoming something
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "initiate" in this sentence is:**5) set in motion, start an event or
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is:**1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "propel" in this sentence is:1) **cause to move forward with force**
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable definition for "deadly" in this sentence is:1) **causing or capable of causing death**
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable definition for "state" in this sentence is **2) the way something is with respect to its main attributes
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "call" in this sentence is:**2) ascribe a quality to or give a name
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "class" in this sentence is:1) **a collection of things sharing a common attribute
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "simply" in this sentence is:**1) and nothing more**Here's
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "functioning" in this sentence is:**1) perform as expected when applied**
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "hold" in this sentence is:**7) to close within bounds, limit or hold
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "cell" in this sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this sentence is:**3) a process of becoming larger or longer or
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:**2) suffer or be susceptible to damage**
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "radiation" in this context is **1) energy that is radiated or transmitted in the form of
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "work" in this context is:**3) have an effect or outcome; often the
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "turn" in this sentence is:**3) undergo a change or development**
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "identified" in this sentence is:**1) recognize as being; establish the identity of
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "differ" in this sentence is:1) **be different** The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "family" in this context is:**3) a collection of things sharing a common attribute
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "discovered" in this sentence is:**1) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "early" in this sentence is:1) **at or near the beginning of a period
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "called" in this sentence is:1) **assign a specified (usually proper) name
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "present" in this context is:**2) being or existing in a specified place**
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition of "cell" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is:**2) undergo a change or development**
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "normal" in this context is:1) **conforming with or constituting a norm or
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for "cancerous" in this context is:1) **relating to or affected with cancer
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "suggesting" in this sentence is:**3) imply as a possibility**
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable definition for "cause" in this sentence is:1) **give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is:**2) of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "come" in this sentence is:**4) reach or enter a state, relation,
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "believe" in this sentence is:1) **accept as true; take to be true
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable definition for "turn" in this sentence is:**16) cause to change or turn into something
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is:**2) without any others being included or involved**
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:**2) suffer or be susceptible to damage**
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "parent" in this sentence is:**2) an organism (plant or animal) from
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "needed" in this sentence is **2) have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable definition of "control" in this sentence is:**2) lessen the intensity of; temper; hold
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "cell" in this sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this sentence is **3) a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "arise" in this sentence is:**2) originate or come into being**
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "impaired" in this sentence is:1) **diminished in strength, quality,
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "person" in this context is:1) a human being The sentence is discussing
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "born" in this context is **5) bring forth**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition of "copy" in this context is:**2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition of "copy" in this context is:**2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:**2) suffer or be susceptible to damage**
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "early" in this context is:**2) before the usual time or the time expected
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is **5) the period during which something is functional (as between
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is:1) **to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is:**2) without any others being included or involved**
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable definition of "lose" in this context is:**1) fail to keep or to maintain; cease
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable definition of "copy" in this context is:**2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition for "develop" in this sentence is:**4) come to have or undergo a change of
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "Emerging" in this sentence is:**2) coming into existence** The sentence
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is:**2) of or relating to or produced by or
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "able" in this sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to') having the
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "individuals" in this sentence is:1) **a human being** Here'
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "believe" in this sentence is:**3) be confident about something** Here
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is **2) an era of history having some distinctive feature**.
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is:**1) preceding all others in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "beneficiaries" in this sentence is:1) **the recipient of funds or other benefits
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:1) **not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "findings" in this sentence is:**3) something that is found**
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this sentence is:**2) a pair of people who live together**
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition of "knew" in this sentence is:**1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "even" in this sentence is:**2) in spite of; notwithstanding**Here
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "before" in this sentence is:1) **earlier in time; previously**
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "became" in this sentence is:1) **enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "pregnant" in this sentence is:1) carrying developing offspring within the body or being about
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "child" in this sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition of "chance" in this sentence is:4) a measure of how likely it is that some
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable definition of "occurs" in this sentence is:1) **come to pass** Here'
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for "about" in this sentence is:1) **(of quantities) imprecise but fairly
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition of "once" in this sentence is:1) **on one occasion** The sentence
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable definition for "births" in this sentence is:2) the event of being born The
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable definition of "knew" in this sentence is:**1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "carried" in this sentence is:**18) have as an inherent or characteristic feature
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable definition of "lost" in this sentence is:**3) suffer the loss of a person through death
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence describes
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **2) without any others being included or involved**.
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable definition for "mother" in this sentence is:1) a woman who has given birth to a child
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in this sentence is:**2) undergo (as of injuries and illnesses
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **1) same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable definition of "fate" in this sentence is:**3) your overall circumstances or condition in life (
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable definition for "baby" in this sentence is:1) a very young child (birth to 1
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "isolation" in this context is:**3) the act of isolating something; setting something
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "became" in this sentence is:**1) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this sentence is:1) **capable of happening or existing**
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "last" in this sentence is:**2) coming after all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "find out" in this sentence is:**3) find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition of "threat" in this context is:1) **something that is a source of danger**
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "baby" in this context is **1) a very young child (birth to 1 year
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable definition of "faced" in this sentence is:1) **deal with (something unpleasant) head on
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is:**2) of or relating to or produced by or
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this sentence is:**2) establish the validity of something, as by
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "little" in this sentence is **3) (of children and animals) young, immature**.
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition of "inherited" in this context is:3) receive by genetic transmission The sentence discusses
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable definition of "faced" in this sentence is:1) **deal with (something unpleasant) head on
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:1) **(comparative of `much' used
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable definition of "risk" in this context is:1) a source of danger; a possibility of incurring
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable definition for "developing" in this sentence is:**10) grow, progress, unfold, or
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in this sentence is:**5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **8) utter aloud**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is:**1) preceding all others in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this sentence is **1) a human being**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "expect" in this sentence is:1) **regard something as probable or likely**
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "develop" in this sentence is:**4) come to have or undergo a change of
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "equally" in this sentence is:1) **to the same degree (often followed
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "important" in this sentence is:**1) of great significance or value**
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this sentence is:1) the act of discovering something The sentence
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable definition of "controls" in this sentence is:**1) exercise authoritative control or power over**
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable definition of "cell" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this sentence is **3) a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "made" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "doctor" in this sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner The sentence refers
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for "named" in this sentence is:**1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable definition for "opened" in this sentence is **2) start to operate or function or cause to start operating
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is:2) of the immediate past or just previous to the
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable definition for "exploded" in this context is:**10) increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "turns out" in this sentence is:**2) prove to be in the result or
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "studying" in this context is:1) **consider in detail and subject to an
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "tragic" in this context is:1) **very sad; especially involving grief or
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "uncommon" in this sentence is:1) **not common or ordinarily encountered; unusually
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "made" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this sentence is:1) **capable of happening or existing**
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "fundamental" in this sentence is:**2) being or involving basic facts or principles**
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable definition for "insights" in this context is:**3) the clear (and often sudden) understanding
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for "basic" in this context is:**2) reduced to the simplest and most significant form
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	1) someone who controls resources and expenditures This definition best fits the context of the sentence. Samuel Broder is the director
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "public" in this sentence is:1) **people in general considered as a whole**
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition of "concerned" in this sentence is:1) **feeling or showing worry or solicitude**
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "advances" in this sentence is:**2) a change for the better; progress
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "basic" in this sentence is:**3) serving as a base or starting point**
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "begin" in this sentence is **3) set in motion, cause to start**.
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "showing" in this sentence is **3) provide evidence for**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "results" in this sentence is:**3) something that results** Here'
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "there" in this sentence is **1) in or at that place**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this sentence is:1) the act of discovering something Dr.
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "Then" in this sentence is:**1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in this sentence is **1) immediately past**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable definition of "spring" in this sentence is:1) the season of growth The sentence refers
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "reported" in this sentence is:2) announce as the result of an investigation or experience
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "finding" in this sentence is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable definition for "called" in this sentence is:1) **assign a specified (usually proper) name
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable definition for "impaired" in this sentence is:**1) make worse or less effective**
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable definition for "turns" in this sentence is:**16) cause to change or turn into something
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable definition for "healthy" in this sentence is:1) **having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable definition for "colon" in this sentence is:1) the part of the large intestine between the cec
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable definition for "cancerous" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or affected with cancer
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "report" in this sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "teams" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this sentence is:**2) an indication that makes something evident**
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **1) same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for "present" in this sentence is:2) **being or existing in a specified place**
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in this sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **1) used to form the superlative**. Here
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "common" in this sentence is:**2) having no special distinction or quality; widely
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for "forms" in this sentence is:**2) a category of things distinguished by some common
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable definition for "killing" in this sentence is:**9) deprive of life** Here'
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable definition for "Americans" in this sentence is:1) a native or inhabitant of the United States
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "Right" in this sentence is **2) immediately**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in this sentence is:**4) at the present moment** The
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "about" in this sentence is:1) **(of quantities) imprecise but fairly
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "laboratories" in this sentence is:1) a workplace for the conduct of scientific research
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this sentence is:2) North American republic containing 50
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for "racing" in this sentence is **3) to work as fast as possible towards a goal,
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "about" in the sentence "They have about seven candidates" is:1) **(
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "alone" in this context is:**1) without any others being included or involved**
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "combination" in this sentence is:**1) a collection of things that have been combined
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "appears" in this sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable, or apparent
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	All three definitions are very close in meaning, but the most suitable definition for the context of the sentence is:**1
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "development" in this sentence is:**2) a process in which something passes by degrees
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "scourges" in this sentence is:2) something causing misery or death
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "brain" in this sentence is:1) that part of the central nervous system that includes
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable definition for "skin" in this context is:1) a natural protective body covering and site of the
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition for "cervix" in this sentence is:2) necklike opening to the uterus
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this sentence is:**2) an indication that makes something evident**
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "inherit" in this sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission The sentence discusses
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "versions" in this sentence is:2) something a little different from others of the same
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is:1) **to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "explaining" in this sentence is:3) serve as a reason or cause or justification
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "finally" in this sentence is:**2) as the end result of a succession or
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable definition for "seem" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this sentence is:**1) definite but not specified or identified**
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable definition for "families" in this sentence is **4) people descended from a common ancestor**. Here
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "story" in this context is:**4) a record or narrative description of past events
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "goes back" in this sentence is:1) **belong to an earlier time**
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable definition for "named" in this sentence is:**1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "proposed" in this sentence is:**2) present for consideration, examination, criticism,
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in this sentence is:1) **grow out of, have roots in
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "separate" in this context is:1) **independent; not united or joint**
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this context is:2) of or relating to or produced by or being
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable definition for "defects" in this context is **2) a failing or deficiency**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "theorized" in this sentence is:**2) construct a theory about**
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition of "copy" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable definition for "parent" in this sentence is:**2) an organism (plant or animal) from
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable definition of "normal" in this context is:1) **conforming with or constituting a norm or
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable definition of "copy" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "developed" in this sentence is:**4) come to have or undergo a change of
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position in space
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition of "normal" in this context is:**1) conforming with or constituting a norm or standard
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**2) how a result is obtained or an end
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "prove" in this sentence is:**2) establish the validity of something, as by
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "theory" in this context is:**2) a tentative insight into the natural world;
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "Back" in this sentence is:4) in or to or toward a past time
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is:3) **at that time** The sentence
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**2) how a result is obtained or an end
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "specific" in this sentence is:1) **(sometimes followed by `to') applying
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for "see" in this sentence is:**1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable definition for "pairs" in this sentence is:1) **a set of two similar things considered as
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition of "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition for "contain" in this sentence is:**2) contain or hold; have within**
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable definition for "gross" in this sentence is:**4) visible to the naked eye (especially of
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "damage" in this sentence is:1) **the occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable definition for "visible" in this sentence is:**1) capable of being seen; or open to
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for "parent" in this sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "actually" in this sentence is:1) **in actual fact** Here'
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "see" in this sentence is:**1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "bit" in this sentence is:**2) a small fragment of something broken off from
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable definition of "assumed" in this sentence is:1) **take to be the case or to be
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "piece" in this sentence is:**1) a separate part of a whole**
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "contained" in this sentence is:**1) include or contain; have as a component
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable definition of "loss" in this context is **4) the disadvantage that results from losing something**.
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "critical" in this sentence is:**4) urgently needed; absolutely necessary**
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable definition of "role" in this sentence is:1) **the actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "setting off" in this sentence is:**6) set in motion or cause to begin
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:1) **be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "Then" in this sentence is:1) **subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "scientific" in this context is:1) **of or relating to the practice of science
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "led" in this sentence is **7) be in charge of**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is:**1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable definition for "answer" in this sentence is **2) a statement that solves a problem or explains how to
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable definition of "battery" in this context is:3) a collection of related things intended for use together
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "developed" in this sentence is:**1) make something new, such as a product
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is:2) of or relating to or produced by or being
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable definition for "material" in this sentence is:1) **the tangible substance that goes into the makeup
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable definition for "presence" in this sentence is:1) **the state of being present; current existence
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable definition of "cell" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "analyzing" in this sentence is:**1) consider in detail and subject to an
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "extracted" in this sentence is:**6) obtain from a substance, as by mechanical
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "eye" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "defects" in this sentence is **2) a failing or deficiency**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position in space
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	Both definitions 1 and 2 accurately describe the meaning of "exact" in the given sentence.  Here's
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is **2) indicating the beginning unit in a series**.
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is:**3) something that
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this sentence is **2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or alle
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is:**1) preceding all others in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is:**1) an instance or single occasion for some event
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this sentence is:**2) establish the validity of something, as by
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "loss" in this sentence is **3) the act of losing someone or something**.
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **1) same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "lead" in this sentence is:**3) tend to or result in**
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable definition for "eruption" in this sentence is:**4) a sudden violent spontaneous occurrence (usually
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "satisfying" in this context is **2) providing freedom from worry**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "now" in this sentence is **4) at the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable definition of "true" in this context is:1) **consistent with fact or reality; not false
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable definition of "true" in this context is:1) **consistent with fact or reality; not false
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable definition of "cancers" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "audacious" in the sentence "It was an audacious claim" is:**3
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the sentence "It was an audacious claim" is:**2)
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "young" in this sentence is:1) (used of living things especially persons) in
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "believed" in this sentence is:1) **accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable definition of "right" in this sentence is:**5) correct in opinion or judgment**
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "set out" in this sentence is:1) **take the first step or steps in
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable definition for "repeat" in this sentence is:**2) make or do or perform again**
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable definition for "experiment" in this context is:1) **the act of conducting a controlled test or
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "teams" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in this sentence is:**2) announce as the result of an investigation or
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable definition for "dual" in this sentence is:1) **consisting of or involving two parts or
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "losses" in this context is **3) the act of losing something**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable definition for "childhood" in this sentence is:**1) the time of person's life
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable definition for "called" in this sentence is:**1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "turned" in this sentence is:2) **direct one's interest or attention towards
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable definition for "attention" in this sentence is:1) the process whereby a person concentrates on some features
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position in space
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable definition for "biggest" in this sentence is **1) above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable definition of "killer" in this context is:2) the causal agent resulting in death Here
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this sentence is:2) North American republic containing 50
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "believed" in this sentence is:1) **accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable definition for "arise" in this sentence is:**2) originate or come into being**
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable definition for "develop" in this sentence is:**10) grow, progress, unfold, or
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable definition for "stages" in this context is:**2) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "preceded" in this sentence is:**1) be earlier in time; go back
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable definition for "development" in this sentence is:**2) a process in which something passes by degrees
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this context is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this sentence is:**2) a special set of circumstances**
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is:**2) undergo a change or development**
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable definition for "stages" in this sentence is:**2) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable definition for "progressing" in this sentence is:**2) move forward, also in the metaphorical
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	The most suitable definition for "less" in this context is:**2) comparative of little** Here'
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable definition for "severe" in this context is:**1) intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable definition for "deadly" in this context is:1) **causing or capable of causing death**
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is:**2) of or relating to or produced by or
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable definition of "damage" in this context is:1) **the occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	The most suitable definition for "occurring" in this sentence is **1) come to pass**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "student" in this sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for "began" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable definition for "months" in this sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable definition for "tedious" in this sentence is:1) **so lacking in interest as to cause
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable definition for "searching" in this context is:1) **try to locate or discover, or try
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "signs" in this sentence is:1) **a perceptible indication of something not immediately apparent
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is:2) of or relating to or produced by or being
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable definition of "damage" in this context is:1) **the occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "began" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "confusing" in this sentence is:**2) lacking clarity of meaning; causing confusion
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable definition for "variety" in this sentence is:**2) noticeable heterogeneity** Here's
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is:2) of or relating to or produced by or being
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable definition for "existing" in this sentence is:1) **have an existence, be extant**
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is:**2) without any others being included or involved**
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this context is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this context is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "coherent" in this sentence is:1) **marked by an orderly, logical, and
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "picture" in this sentence is:**3) a clear and telling mental image**
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable definition for "development" in this sentence is:2) a process in which something passes by degrees to
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable definition for "emerged" in this sentence is:**3) become known or apparent**
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this sentence is:**2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this sentence is:**1) definite but not specified or identified**
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "knocked out" in this context is **1) eliminate**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "develop" in this sentence is:**4) come to have or undergo a change of
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position in space
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	The most suitable definition for "then" in this sentence is:1) **subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable definition for "deleted" in this context is **3) cut or eliminate**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable definition for "malignancy" in this sentence is:1) (medicine) a malignant state;
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "clear" in this sentence is:**2) free from confusion or doubt**
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:**1) inflict damage upon** Here'
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable definition for "develop" in this sentence is:**4) come to have or undergo a change of
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in this sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "galvanized" in this sentence is:1) **to stimulate to action**
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "confirming" in this sentence is:**2) serving to support or corroborate**
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this sentence is:**2) an indication that makes something evident**
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable definition of "needed" in this sentence is **2) have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "losses" in this context is **1) something that is lost**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable definition for "critical" in this sentence is:**4) urgently needed; absolutely necessary**
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable definition for "development" in this context is:**2) a process in which something passes by degrees
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable definition of "common" in this sentence is:**3) common to or shared by two or more
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable definition for "yet" in this sentence is:1) **up to the present time**
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	The most suitable definition of "nail" in this sentence is **6) locate exactly**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	The most suitable definition of "identity" in this sentence is:2) the individual characteristics by which a thing or person
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:**2) suffer or be susceptible to damage**
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable definition of "flipped" in this context is **11) reverse (a direction, attitude, or course
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The most suitable definition of "colon" in this sentence is:1) the part of the large intestine between the cec
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable definition of "cell" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	The most suitable definition for "full-blown" in this sentence is:2) having or displaying all the characteristics necessary
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable definition for "malignancy" in this context is:1) (medicine) a malignant state;
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable definition for "down" in this sentence is:1) spatially or metaphorically from a higher to a
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable definition for "length" in this sentence is:1) the linear extent in space from one end to
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	The most suitable definition for "looking for" in this sentence is:1) **try to locate or discover, or
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable definition of "common" in this sentence is:**3) common to or shared by two or more
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable definition for "bit" in this context is:**1) a small piece or quantity of something**
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is:2) of or relating to or produced by or being
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable definition of "material" in this context is:1) **the tangible substance that goes into the makeup
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable definition of "lost" in this context is:**1) fail to keep or to maintain; cease
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "piece" in this sentence is:**1) a separate part of a whole**
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "probably" in this sentence is:**1) with considerable certainty; without much doubt**
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable definition of "constitute" in this sentence is:**1) form or compose** Here
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**3) come upon after searching; find the location
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in this sentence is:**2) coming after all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	All three definitions you provided are suitable synonyms for "dubious" in this context.  Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable definition for "search" in this context is:1) **the activity of looking thoroughly in order to
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	Both definitions 1) and 2) accurately capture the meaning of "doubts" in the given sentence.
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in this sentence is:1) **grow out of, have roots in
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this sentence is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable definition for "several" in this sentence is:1) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable definition for "earlier" in this sentence is:**1) earlier in time; previously**
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable definition for "experiments" in this context is:1) **the act of conducting a controlled test or
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable definition for "mice" in this sentence is:1) any of numerous small rodents typically resembling diminutive rats
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable definition for "called" in this sentence is:1) **assign a specified (usually proper) name
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable definition for "transform" in this sentence is:**2) change or alter in form, appearance,
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	The most suitable definition of "normal" in this context is:1) **conforming with or constituting a norm or
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable definition for "cancerous" in this context is:1) **relating to or affected with cancer
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is:2) a single person or thing The sentence
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "exactly" in this sentence is:1) **indicating exactness or preciseness**
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **1) same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "spot" in this sentence is:**1) a point located with respect to surface features
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable definition for "caused" in this sentence is:1) **give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable definition of "promoting" in this sentence is:1) **contribute to the progress or growth of
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable definition of "growth" in this context is **3) a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable definition of "looking for" in this sentence is:1) **try to locate or discover, or
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable definition of "suppressed" in this context is:**5) reduce the incidence or severity of or
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable definition of "growth" in this context is **3) a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:1) **examine and note the similarities or differences of
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable definition of "found" in this sentence is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "human" in this sentence is **2) relating to a person**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable definition of "found" in this sentence is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable definition for "identical" in this context is:**1) exactly alike; incapable of being perceived as
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable definition for "turned out" in this sentence is:**2) prove to be in the result or
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is **3) a written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable definition for "observing" in this context is:**3) observe with care or pay close attention
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable definition for "form" in this sentence is:**11) a particular mode in which something is
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) **the act of discovering something**
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "suddenly" in this context is:**2) quickly and without warning** Here
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "puts" in this sentence is:**2) cause to be in a certain state;
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable definition for "right" in this sentence is **3) exactly**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "formation" in this context is:**3) the act of forming or establishing something**
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable definition for "leader" in this context is:1) a person who rules or guides or inspires others
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this sentence is:**2) an indication that makes something evident**
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in this sentence is **4) at the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "emerging" in this sentence is:**3) become known or apparent**
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this sentence is:1) **connected by participation or association or use**
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	The most suitable definition for "too" in this sentence is **2) in addition**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable definition for "breast" in this context is:2) either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	The most suitable definition of "copy" in this context is:**2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable definition for "spot" in this context is:1) **a point located with respect to surface features
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is:**1) express in words** The scientists
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "strikes" in this sentence is **6) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely**.
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this sentence is:1) **definite but not specified or identified**
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable definition for "families" in this sentence is **4) people descended from a common ancestor**. Here
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission The sentence discusses
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable definition for "form" in this sentence is:**11) a particular mode in which something is
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "implicated" in this sentence is:1) **bring into intimate and incriminating
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in this sentence is:1) **a written document describing the findings of some
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in this sentence is **1) immediately past**. Here's why:
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "week" in this sentence is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable definition for "about" in this sentence is:1) **(of quantities) imprecise but fairly
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this sentence is:**17) remove something concrete, as by lifting
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in this sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable definition for "tested" in this sentence is:2) **test or examine for the presence of disease
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable definition for "missing" in this context is:**6) be without** Here's
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this sentence is:1) **a written document describing the findings of some
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable definition for "yet" in this sentence is:**1) up to the present time**
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in this sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this sentence is:**17) remove something concrete, as by lifting
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable definition for "brain" in this sentence is:1) that part of the central nervous system that includes
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable definition for "At the same time" in this sentence is **2) overlapping in duration**. Here
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "rushing" in this sentence is **4) act or move at high speed**.
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in this sentence is:**1) expect and wish** Here
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this sentence is:1) **connected by participation or association or use**
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable definition of "close" in this sentence is:**3) not far distant in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "finding" in this sentence is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable definition of "involved" in this sentence is:1) **connected by participation or association or use**
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "types" in this sentence is:1) **a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable definition for "believes" in this sentence is:1) **accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable definition of "inherit" in this sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission The sentence is
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable definition of "copies" in this sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is:1) **to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable definition for "reported" in this sentence is:**2) announce as the result of an investigation or
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this sentence is:1) **connected by participation or association or use**
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of much; to a greater degree
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable definition for "common" in this sentence is:**2) having no special distinction or quality; widely
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this sentence is:2) something that is discovered The sentence
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **1) and nothing more**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable definition for "speculate" in this sentence is:**2) talk over conjecturally, or review
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable definition for "major" in this sentence is:**1) of greater importance or stature or rank**
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable definition for "unit" in this sentence is:**2) an individual or group or structure or other
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable definition for "collaborating" in this sentence is:1) **work together on a common enterprise or
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable definition for "hunters" in this context is:2) a person who searches for something The
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable definition for "turn" in this sentence is:**16) cause to change or turn into something
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this context is **2) something that is discovered**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is:**9) state as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable definition for "slow" in this sentence is **3) cause to proceed more slowly**. Here'
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable definition for "reverse" in this sentence is:**5) reverse the position, order, relation,
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this sentence is **6) (pathology) an abnormal proliferation of tissue (
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The most suitable definition for "based" in this sentence is:1) **use as a basis for; found on
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable definition for "produced" in this sentence is:1) **bring forth or yield** Here
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this sentence is:**2) your intention; what you intend to do
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for "administer" in this sentence is:**4) give or apply (medications)**
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable definition for "healthy" in this sentence is:1) **having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable definition for "versions" in this sentence is:2) something a little different from others of the same
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is:1) **harmed or injured or spoiled**
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this sentence is:1) **capable of happening or existing**
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "replace" in this sentence is:1) **substitute a person or thing for (another
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable definition for "healthy" in this sentence is:1) **having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable definition for "versions" in this sentence is:**2) something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable definition for "come close" in this sentence is:1) **nearly do something** The
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "witnessing" in this context is:**2) perceive or be contemporaneous with**
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is:**1) the act of discovering something**
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **1) used to form the superlative**. Here
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable definition for "important" in this context is:**1) of great significance or value**
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable definition for "steps" in this context is **5) relative position in a graded series**. Here
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable definition of "genesis" in this context is:1) a coming into being The sentence talks
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "teach" in this sentence is:1) **impart skills or knowledge to**
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is **2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "read" in this sentence is:**1) interpret something that is written or printed**
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "write" in this sentence is **7) mark or trace on a surface**. Here
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "reckon" in this sentence is:**4) make a mathematical calculation or computation**
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is **2) know how to do or perform something**.
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in this sentence is **1) feel or have a desire for; want strongly**.
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition of "reason" in this context is:**1) a rational motive for a belief or action
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable definition of "want" in this sentence is:1) **feel or have a desire for; want
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "effective" in this context is:**1) producing or capable of producing an intended result
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in this context is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition of "require" in this sentence is **4) have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition of "relinquish" in this context is:**2) do without or cease to
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "metaphysical" in this context is:**1) pertaining to or of the nature of
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "beliefs" in this context is:**1) any cognitive content held as true**
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable definition of "young" in this context is:1) (used of living things especially persons) in
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable definition for "people" in this context is:1) **(plural) any group of human beings
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable definition of "violate" in this context is:2) act in disregard of laws, rules,
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable definition of "interests" in this context is:**5) (law) a financial involvement with something
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "beliefs" in this context is:**1) any cognitive content held as true**
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is:**1) to a very great extent or degree**
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "dominate" in this sentence is **2) be in control**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "establishment" in this sentence is:**3) the persons (or committees or departments etc
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in this sentence is:**2) a person active in party politics**
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "even" in this sentence is:**2) in spite of; notwithstanding**Here
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "parents" in this sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "blasphemous" in this context is:1) **grossly irreverent toward what
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable definition of "challenge" in this sentence is:1) **take exception to** Here'
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here is an example" is:**1) in or
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "example" in the sentence "Here is an example" is:**2) a representative
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "ask" in this sentence is:**5) address a question to and expect an answer
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "sample" in this context is:**1) a small part of something intended as representative
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States of America
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "parents" in this sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "wish" in this context is:**4) feel or express a desire or hope concerning
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition of "encourage" in this context is:**1) contribute to the progress or growth of
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is:**2) a human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable definition for "answer" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or written) that
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition of "mean" in this context is:**1) mean or intend to express or convey**
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "one" in the sentence "No one can say" is:2) a single person
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "equated" in this sentence is:1) **consider or describe as similar, equal
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "encourages" in this sentence is:**2) inspire with confidence; give hope
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "result" in this sentence is:1) **a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "generation" in this sentence is:1) all the people living at the same time or
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "young" in this sentence is:1) (used of living things especially persons) in
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "incompetence" in this sentence is:1) **lack of physical or intellectual ability
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "matched" in this sentence is:**4) be equal to in quality or ability**
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is **2) without any others being included or involved**.
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable definition of "good" in this sentence is **4) deserving of esteem and respect**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "opinion" in this sentence is:**1) a personal belief or judgment that is not
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "whole" in this sentence is:1) **including all components without exception; being one
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "notion" in this sentence is:**2) a general inclusive concept**
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in this context is **1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition of "romantic" in this context is:1) **belonging to or characteristic of Romanticism
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "rebellion" in this context is:1) **refusal to accept some authority or
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "disciplined" in this context is:**2) trained mentally or physically by instruction or
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "instruction" in this context is:2) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition for "authoritarian" in this context is:**2) expecting unquestioning obedience**
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition of "repression" in this context is:**3) the act of repressing; control
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable definition of "frustration" in this context is:1) the feeling that accompanies an experience of being
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable definition for "latent" in this context is:1) **potentially existing but not presently evident or realized
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable definition for "talents" in this context is:1) **natural abilities or qualities**
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The most suitable definition for "yet" in this sentence is:**4) within an indefinite time or at an unspecified
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable definition for "potentialities" in this context is:**1) the inherent capacity for coming into
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable definition for "inherent" in this context is:**1) existing as an essential constituent or characteristic
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable definition of "souls" in this context is:1) the immaterial part of a person; the
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable definition of "children" in this context is **2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "parents" in this sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "find" in this sentence is **5) come to believe on the basis of emotion, intu
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable definition in this context is **3) not sensible about practical matters; idealistic and unrealistic**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is:**7) (usually followed by `that') to
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "attractive" in this sentence is:**1) pleasing to the eye or mind especially through
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **1) same in identity**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "parents" in this sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable definition of "want" in this sentence is:1) **feel or have a desire for; want
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is **2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "get" in this sentence is:**1) come into the possession of something concrete or
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "decent" in this sentence is **4) sufficient for the purpose**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is:**2) knowledge acquired by learning and instruction**
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:**3) be aware of the truth of something;
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable definition for "demands" in this sentence is:2) **require as useful, just, or
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "commitment" in this sentence is:**2) the act of binding yourself (intellect
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "survive" in this sentence is:**2) continue in existence after (an adversity
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "adolescent" in this sentence is:**4) in the state of development between puberty
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "illiteracy" in this context is:**2) an inability to read**
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is:1) of or relating to the United States of America
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "future" in this sentence is:1) the time yet to come The sentence
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "determined" in this sentence is **2) shape or influence; give direction to**.
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "degree" in this sentence is:1) **a position on a scale of intensity or
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "allow" in this sentence is:**1) make it possible through a specific action or
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable definition of "prevail" in this sentence is **4) prove superior**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "illusions" in this context is **1) an erroneous mental representation**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition of "share" in this context is **1) have in common**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is **1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "establishment" in this sentence is:**3) the persons (or committees or departments etc
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "fight" in this sentence is **2) fight against or resist strongly**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in this sentence is:**1) a rational motive for a belief or action
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "simple" in this context is **1) having few parts; not complex or complicated or involved
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "reason" in this sentence is:**1) a rational motive for a belief or action
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Progressive" in this context is:**1) favoring or promoting progress** Here
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is:3) at a previous time The sentence is
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "called" in this sentence is:**2) ascribe a quality to or give a name
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "far" in this sentence is:1) **to a considerable degree; very much**
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of much; to a greater degree
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "agreeable" in this sentence is:1) **conforming to your own liking or
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) **a person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "disciplined" in this context is:**2) trained mentally or physically by instruction or
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable definition for "instruction" in this sentence is:2) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable definition of "nice" in this context is:**1) pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching The
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "think" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition of "personality" in this context is:1) the complex of all the attributes--behavioral,
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "development" in this context is:**2) a process in which something passes by degrees
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable definition of "even" in this sentence is:**3) to a greater degree or extent; used
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable definition of "nicer" in this context is:1) **pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	All three definitions (1, 2, and 3) are suitable for the context of the sentence.  Here
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "tests" in this context is:**2) any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or memory
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "results" in this sentence is **3) something that results**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "provides" in this sentence is:1) **give something useful or necessary to**
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching The
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "profession" in this sentence is:**2) an occupation requiring special education (especially in
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "passed" in this sentence is:**14) go successfully through a test or a
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "courses" in this sentence is:1) **education imparted in a series of lessons or
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable definition of "philosophy" in this context is:2) the rational investigation of questions about existence and knowledge
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "took" in this sentence is:**25) be a student of a certain subject
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "courses" in this sentence is:1) **education imparted in a series of lessons or
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "college" in this sentence is:**2) an institution of higher education created to educate
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "thinking" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "fairly" in this sentence is:1) **to a moderately sufficient extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "described" in this sentence is:**2) to give an account or representation of in
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "pap" in this sentence is:1) **worthless or oversimplified ideas**
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "courses" in this sentence is:7) part of a meal served at one time
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching The
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "distinct" in this sentence is:1) **(often followed by `from') not
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "establishment" in this sentence is:**3) the persons (or committees or departments etc
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:**4) be familiar or acquainted with a person or
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "seriously" in this sentence is:**2) to a severe or serious degree**
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable definition of "committed" in this sentence is:1) bound or obligated, as under a pledge to
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "teaching" in this sentence is:3) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "best" in this context is:1) **(superlative of `good') having
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "brightest" in this context is:**3) characterized by quickness and ease in
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "generation" in this sentence is:1) all the people living at the same time or
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "very" in this sentence is:1) used as intensifiers; `real' is
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "jobs" in this sentence is:**2) a specific piece of work required to be
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "well" in this sentence is:**1) (often used as a combining form)
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "remember" in this sentence is:1) **recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "truly" in this sentence is:**4) in fact (used as intensifiers or
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching This
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "proceeded" in this sentence is:**3) follow a procedure or take a course
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "competent" in this sentence is:**1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or efficient
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "sense" in this sentence is:2) the meaning of a word or expression; the
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "teacher" in this sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching The
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:**3) consider or describe as similar, equal,
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	The most suitable definition for "one" in this sentence is:2) a single person or thing The sentence
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable definition of "brilliant" in this sentence is:2) having or marked by unusual and impressive intelligence
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "probably" in this sentence is:**2) easy to believe on the basis of available
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "competent" in this sentence is:**1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or efficient
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable definition of "serves" in this sentence is:**1) serve a purpose, role, or function
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "well" in this sentence is:**11) in a manner affording benefit or advantage
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) **a person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "important" in this sentence is **1) of great significance or value**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable definition of "factor" in this sentence is:1) **anything that contributes causally to a result
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "crisis" in this sentence is:1) an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this sentence is:**2) a question raised for consideration or solution**
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	The most suitable definition of "equity" in this sentence is:**1) the difference between the market value of a
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this sentence is:**2) a question raised for consideration or solution**
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) **a person whose occupation is teaching**
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "think" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable definition of "educate" in this sentence is:1) **give an education to**
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is **2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "better" in this sentence is:1) **comparative of `well'; in a
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is:**1) come into the possession of something concrete or
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of much; to a greater degree
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching The
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "unions" in this sentence is:1) **an organization of employees formed to bargain
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable definition of "mind" in this sentence is:1) **be offended or bothered by; take offense
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in this context is **5) cause to become widely known**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable definition of "narrow" in this context is **3) lacking tolerance or flexibility or breadth of view**.
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "purposes" in this sentence is:**1) an anticipated outcome that is intended or that
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in this sentence is:2) a person active in party politics
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "find" in this sentence is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "helps" in this sentence is:**6) contribute to the furtherance of**
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "strike" in this sentence is **2) have an emotional or cognitive impact upon**.
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition of "friendly" in this context is:**2) inclined to help or support; not antagonistic
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition of "posture" in this sentence is:2) characteristic way of bearing one's body
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "behalf" in this sentence is:1) as the agent of or on someone'
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable definition for "important" in this context is **1) of great significance or value**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable definition of "shred" in this context is:1) a tiny or scarcely detectable amount The
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this sentence is:**2) an indication that makes something evident**
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable definition of "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **8) an entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable definition of "equal" in this context is:1) **having the same quantity, value, or
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "differentials" in this sentence is:2) a quality that differentiates between similar things
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "result" in this sentence is:3) come about or follow as a consequence
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "differentials" in this sentence is:2) a quality that differentiates between similar things
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this sentence is:**2) an indication that makes something evident**
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "sure" in this sentence is:**1) having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty;
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "wish" in this sentence is:**1) hope for; have a wish**
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "serious" in this context is:1) **concerned with work or important matters rather than
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is:1) of or relating to the United States of America
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in this context is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:**1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "exactly" in this sentence is:1) **indicating exactness or preciseness**
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "just" in this sentence is **4) absolutely**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable definition for "important" in this sentence is **2) important in effect or meaning**. Here'
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this sentence is:1) **an educational institution** Here'
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "scattered" in this sentence is:1) **occurring or distributed over widely spaced and
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "poorest" in this sentence is:**2) having little money or few possessions
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or quantity
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "majority" in this sentence is:1) the property resulting from being or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this sentence is:1) **an educational institution** Here'
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:**3) be aware of the truth of something;
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "efforts" in this sentence is:1) **earnest and conscientious activity intended to do
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable definition for "reform" in this sentence is:1) **a change for the better as a result
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for "doomed" in this sentence is:**3) marked by or promising bad fortune;
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "really" in this sentence is:**2) in actual fact** Here'
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable definition of "know" in this sentence is:**1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "need" in this sentence is **2) have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable definition of "know" in this sentence is:**1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "assimilate" in this sentence is:**1) take up mentally**
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable definition of "respect" in this sentence is:**1) (usually preceded by `in') a
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable definition of "mute" in this context is:1) **expressed without speech;** Here
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The most suitable definition for "rather" in this sentence is **1) on the contrary**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable definition of "concerned" in this sentence is:1) **feeling or showing worry or solicitude**
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable definition of "inclined" in this sentence is:1) (often followed by `to') having
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable definition of "echo" in this context is:1) to say again or imitate The sentence
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "conventional" in this sentence is:**4) unimaginative and conformist**
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable definition of "pap" in this context is:1) **worthless or oversimplified ideas**
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "Thus" in this sentence is:1) **(used to introduce a logical conclusion)
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this sentence is:**2) of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "governors" in this sentence is:1) the head of a state government
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable definition for "education" in this context is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable definition for "announced" in this sentence is:**2) announce publicly or officially** The
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**1) a politically organized body of people under a
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "needs" in this sentence is **2) have need of**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is **2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "development" in this sentence is:**2) a process in which something passes by degrees
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "governors" in this sentence is:1) the head of a state government
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "seem" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of much; to a greater degree
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable definition of "need" in this sentence is:**2) anything that is necessary but lacking**
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "extending" in this sentence is:**1) extend in scope or range or area
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "system" in this sentence is:**1) instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts designed
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this sentence is:1) **worth having or seeking or achieving**
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "program" in this sentence is:**2) a system of projects or services intended to
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:**1) relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "program" in this sentence is:**2) a system of projects or services intended to
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:1) **be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "very" in this sentence is:1) used as intensifiers; `real' is
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "early" in this sentence is:1) **at or near the beginning of a period
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "exposure" in this sentence is:**2) the act of subjecting someone to an influencing
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "schooling" in this sentence is:2) the process of being formally educated at a
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "improves" in this sentence is:1) **to make better** The
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this sentence is:**3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "first" in this sentence is:2) indicating the beginning unit in a series
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "grade" in this sentence is:**6) a number or letter indicating quality (especially
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this sentence is:**1) the quality of being unlike or dissimilar**
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable definition for "quickly" in this sentence is:**2) with little or no delay**
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	The most suitable definition for "washed away" in this context is **1) eliminate**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "sum up" in this sentence is:1) **give a summary (of)**
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:1) **be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "education" in this context is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in this context is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable definition for "reforms" in this context is:1) **a change for the better as a
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "work" in this context is:**3) have an effect or outcome; often the
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable definition for "work" in this context is:**3) have an effect or outcome; often the
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable definition for "Parental" in this sentence is:2) relating to or characteristic of or befitting a
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable definition for "involvement" in this context is:1) **the act of sharing in the activities
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable definition for "bad" in this context is:1) **having undesirable or negative qualities**
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this context is **3) a personal view**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "Parents" in this sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "too" in this sentence is:1) **to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "likely" in this sentence is:**1) has a good chance of being the case
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable definition of "blame" in this sentence is:**3) attribute responsibility to** Here'
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this sentence is:**1) an educational institution** Here'
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable definition for "limitations" in this sentence is:**2) the quality of being limited or restricted**
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "Parents" in this sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this sentence is **1) connected by participation or association or use**.
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is:**2) a human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable definition of "home" in this sentence is:**2) housing that someone is living in**
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in this context is **10) be careful or certain to do something; make
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "kids" in this sentence is:**1) a young person of either sex**
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable definition of "play" in this context is:**16) engage in an activity as if it
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable definition for "children" in this sentence is **2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	The most suitable definition of "spend" in this context is:1) **pass time in a specific way**
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable definition of "time" in this context is:**2) a period of time considered as a resource
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable definition for "scrutinize" in this context is:**1) to look at critically or search
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "parents" in this sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable definition for "option" in this sentence is:2) one of a number of things from which only
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable definition for "switching" in this sentence is:**4) make a shift in or exchange of**
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "community" in this sentence is:1) **a group of people living in a particular
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "involvement" in this sentence is:1) **the act of sharing in the activities
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for "even" in this sentence is:**3) to a greater degree or extent; used
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "worse" in this sentence is:1) **(comparative of `bad') inferior
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this sentence is:**3) a personal view** Here'
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here, the experience of New York City is decisive" is:
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "locally" in this sentence is:1) by a particular locality The sentence is
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is:1) **to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for "cities" in this sentence is:1) a large and densely populated urban area; may
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is:**1) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable definition of "ambitious" in this context is:1) **having a strong desire for success or
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable definition for "generally" in this sentence is:1) **usually; as a rule**
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable definition of "corrupt" in this sentence is:**2) not straight; dishonest or immoral or
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in this context is:**2) a person active in party politics**
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in this context is:**2) a person active in party politics**
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "process" in this sentence is:1) **a particular course of action intended to achieve
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable definition of "trying" in this sentence is:1) **make an effort or attempt**
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable definition for "system" in this sentence is:**4) a complex of methods or rules governing behavior
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for "school" in this context is:1) **an educational institution** Here'
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable definition for "governance" in this sentence is:**2) the act of governing; exercising authority**
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in this sentence is:2) in spite of; notwithstanding The sentence
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable definition for "cities" in this sentence is:1) a large and densely populated urban area; may
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable definition for "institute" in this sentence is:1) **set up or lay the groundwork for**
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is:1) **(superlative of `many' used
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable definition for "expenditures" in this sentence is:1) **money paid out; an amount spent
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is **1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities that impart
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "circumstances" in this sentence is:**2) the set of facts or circumstances that
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "probably" in this sentence is:**2) easy to believe on the basis of available
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **8) an entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable definition for "worse" in this sentence is:1) **(comparative of `bad') inferior
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable definition of "better" in this sentence is:**3) (comparative and superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in this sentence is:**2) an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "simple" in this sentence is:**2) easy and not involved or complicated**
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is:**1) the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "influence" in this sentence is:**4) the effect of one thing (or person
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	The most suitable definition of "money" in this context is **1) the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "decades" in this sentence is:1) a period of 10 years
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable definition for "tell" in this sentence is **6) inform positively and with certainty and confidence**.
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in this sentence is **4) to the full extent**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable definition for "classes" in this sentence is:2) **a body of students who are taught together
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable definition of "effect" in this sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is:1) **associated with academia or an academy**
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this sentence is:**3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable definition for "pupils" in this sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this context is:1) **worth having or seeking or achieving**
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in this sentence is:**5) a justification for something existing or happening**
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "money" in this sentence is **1) the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "flows" in this sentence is:1) **move or progress freely as if in a
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The most suitable definition for "piling" in this sentence is **1) arrange in stacks**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:1) **(comparative of `much' used
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:1) **(comparative of `much' used
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching The
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable definition of "mystery" in this context is:1) something that baffles understanding and cannot be explained
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this context is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "expenditures" in this sentence is:1) **money paid out; an amount spent
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable definition of "real" in this context is:**6) of, relating to, or representing an
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this sentence is:1) **become bigger or greater in amount**
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable definition for "sharply" in this context is:**4) very suddenly and to a great degree
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable definition of "past" in this sentence is:1) **earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable definition for "now" in this sentence is **4) at the present moment**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable definition of "spend" in this context is **2) pay out**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of much; to a greater degree
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable definition of "pupil" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable definition of "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this context is:**3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable definition for "declined" in this sentence is:**5) go down** Here'
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence "That is the way the system works" is:**1
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "students" in the sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is:1) **associated with academia or an academy**
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The most suitable definition of "potential" in this sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for coming into being
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable definition for "allows" in this sentence is:**5) make a possibility or provide opportunity for;
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "student" in this sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition of "permitted" in this sentence is:**1) consent to, give permission**
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition of "graduated" in this sentence is:1) **receive an academic degree upon completion of
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable definition of "mastered" in this sentence is:1) **be or become completely proficient or skilled in
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is:**2) a relative position or degree of value in
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable definition of "prevailed" in this sentence is:**2) be valid, applicable, or
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "means" in this sentence is:**4) have in mind as a purpose**
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable definition of "main" in this context is:1) **most important element** The sentence
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable definition for "purpose" in this sentence is:**2) what something is used for**
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable definition of "permit" in this context is:**2) make it possible through a specific action or
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable definition of "flourish" in this context is:**1) grow vigorously** Here'
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable definition of "clearly" in this sentence is:**1) without doubt or question** Here
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this context is:1) **worth having or seeking or achieving**
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable definition for "less" in this context is **2) comparative of little**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The most suitable definition for "get" in this sentence is:**1) come into the possession of something concrete or
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in this context is **1) absolutely essential**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable definition of "study" in this context is:2) applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable definition for "entering" in this context is:**1) to come or go into**
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable definition for "world" in this sentence is **5) people in general considered as a whole**.
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable definition of "work" in this context is **3) the occupation for which you are paid**.
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable definition for "notion" in this sentence is:1) **a vague idea in which some confidence
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable definition for "purpose" in this sentence is:**2) what something is used for**
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable definition for "education" in this sentence is:1) **the activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable definition for "encourage" in this sentence is:**2) inspire with confidence; give hope or
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable definition for "young" in this sentence is:1) (used of living things especially persons) in
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable definition for "men" in this sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable definition for "women" in this sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable definition of "realize" in this context is:**3) make real or concrete; give reality
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable definition for "full" in this sentence is:**3) complete in extent or degree and in every
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is:1) **associated with academia or an academy**
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable definition of "potential" in this sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for coming into being
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "actually" in this sentence is:1) **in actual fact** Here'
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable definition for "believes" in this sentence is:1) **accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable definition of "equal" in this sentence is:1) **having the same quantity, value, or
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is:1) **associated with academia or an academy**
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable definition of "potential" in this sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for coming into being
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "generally" in this sentence is:1) **usually; as a rule**
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this sentence is:1) **worth having or seeking or achieving**
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable definition for "rather" in this sentence is:**1) on the contrary** Here'
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable definition for "newer" in this sentence is:1) **not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is:**2) a single person or thing**
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable definition for "often" in this sentence is:**3) in many cases or instances**
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable definition for "dubious" in this sentence is:**1) fraught with uncertainty or doubt**
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "psychological" in this sentence is:**2) of or relating to or determined by psychology
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for "rather" in this sentence is:**1) on the contrary** Here'
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this sentence is:1) **relating to the process of education**
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable definition for "experience" in this sentence is:1) **the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in this sentence is:**2) an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is:1) of or relating to the United States of America
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable definition for "students" in this sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is:**1) to a very great extent or degree**
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:1) **examine and note the similarities or differences of
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable definition for "students" in this sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable definition of "influence" in this sentence is:**4) the effect of one thing (or person
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable definition for "American" in this sentence is:1) of or relating to the United States of America
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable definition of "wants" in this sentence is:1) **feel or have a desire for; want
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable definition of "appreciate" in this context is:**2) be fully aware of; realize fully
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	The most suitable definition of "just" in this sentence is **4) absolutely**. Here's why:
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable definition for "situation" in this sentence is:**3) a complex or critical or unusual difficulty**
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "students" in this sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable definition of "add" in this context is **4) make an addition by combining numbers**. Here
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	The most suitable definition for "subtract" in this context is:**2) take off or away** Here
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable definition for "learning" in this sentence is:1) **gain knowledge or skills** Here
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	The most suitable definition for "basis" in this sentence is:**2) the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable definition for "mathematical" in this context is:1) **of or pertaining to or of the nature
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable definition for "read" in this sentence is:1) **interpret something that is written or printed**
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable definition for "article" in this sentence is:1) **nonfictional prose forming an independent part
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is:**2) of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable definition of "major" in this sentence is:**3) a university student who is studying a particular
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **1) used to form the superlative**. Here
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable definition for "important" in this sentence is:**1) of great significance or value**
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this sentence is:1) **an educational institution** Here'
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable definition of "principals" in this sentence is:2) the educator who has executive authority for a
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "large" in this sentence is:**2) fairly large or important in effect; influential
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable definition for "measure" in this sentence is:2) how much there is or how many there are
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable definition of "authority" in this sentence is:1) **the power or right to give orders or
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable definition of "faculty" in this sentence is:2) the body of teachers and administrators at a school
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable definition for "matters" in this sentence is:**2) some situation or event that is thought about
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	The most suitable definition of "student" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in this sentence is **3) a written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "study" in this sentence is **3) a written document describing the findings of some individual or
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "most" in this sentence is **1) used to form the superlative**. Here
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable definition for "tells" in this sentence is **2) let something be known**. Here's
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable definition for "best" in this sentence is:1) **(superlative of `good') having
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this sentence is:1) **an educational institution** Here'
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "outside" in this sentence is **5) functioning outside the boundaries or precincts of an organized unit
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "interference" in this context is:2) the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable definition for "governed" in this sentence is:**2) direct or strongly influence the behavior of
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable definition for "powerful" in this context is **3) having great influence**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable definition for "head" in this context is:**13) the educator who has executive authority for
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable definition of "authority" in this sentence is:1) **the power or right to give orders or
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "goes" in this sentence is:**2) go or occur together** The
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable definition for "unambiguous" in this sentence is:**2) admitting of no doubt or misunderstanding
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable definition for "Schools" in this sentence is:1) **an educational institution** Here'
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**1) how something is done or how it happens
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable definition for "produce" in this sentence is:**1) bring forth or yield** Here
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable definition for "students" in this sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable definition for "higher" in this sentence is:**3) standing above others in quality or position**
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable definition for "morale" in this sentence is:**2) the spirit of a group that makes
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable definition for "superior" in this sentence is:1) **of high or superior quality or performance**
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable definition for "academic" in this sentence is:1) **associated with academia or an academy**
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this sentence is:**3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this sentence is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "ruffled" in this sentence is **4) discompose**. Here's why
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this sentence is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "one" in this sentence is:2) a single person or thing The sentence
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is **4) to a certain unspecified extent or degree**.
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable definition for "publishes" in this sentence is:**2) prepare and issue for public distribution or
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence "That's what the man had said" is:**
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "bleary" in this sentence is:2) indistinct or hazy in outline The
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "had" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition of "ready" in this sentence is:**1) completely prepared or in condition for immediate action
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "answer" in this sentence is:1) a statement (either spoken or written) that
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable definition of "surprise" in this sentence is:1) the astonishment you feel when something totally unexpected happens
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "fit" in this sentence is:2) a sudden uncontrollable attack The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "drunk" in this sentence is:**1) stupefied or excited by a chemical substance
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable definition of "crazy" in this sentence is **2) foolish; totally unsound**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "matched" in this sentence is:**4) be equal to in quality or ability**
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "drink" in this context is:**2) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to excess
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "drink" in this context is:**2) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to excess
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable definition of "lost" in this sentence is:**2) fail to win** Here'
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "count" in this sentence is:2) the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "bright" in this sentence is **1) emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts**.
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "strange" in this sentence is:1) **being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "intensity" in this sentence is:2) high level or degree; the property of being
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "cold" in this sentence is **2) extended meanings; especially of psychological coldness; without human
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "fire" in this sentence is **6) feelings of great warmth and intensity**. Here
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "burning" in this sentence is:**2) shine intensely, as if with heat**
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in the sentence "Why hadn't he noticed it before?" is:**
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence "No, the man was not drunk" is:**1
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "drunk" in this sentence is:1) **stupefied or excited by a chemical
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "wondered" in this sentence is:1) **have a wish or desire to know
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is:**2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:**2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "remembered" in the sentence "But, of course, he remembered now" is:
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "hours" in this sentence is:1) a period of time equal to 1/
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "steady" in this sentence is **2) not liable to fluctuate or especially to fall**.
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	While both definitions could technically apply, the most suitable definition in the context of the sentence is **2) the act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "occasion" in this sentence is **4) the time of a particular event**. Here
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:**2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "head" in this sentence is:1) the upper part of the human body or the
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this sentence is:**1) the content of cognition; the main thing
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "started" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "cross" in this sentence is:1) **travel across or pass over**
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "street" in this sentence is:1) **a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks)
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "light" in this sentence is **14) a visual warning signal**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "roared" in this sentence is:1) **make a loud noise, as of
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable definition for "intersection" in this sentence is:2) a junction where one street or road crosses another
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "brakes" in this sentence is:1) a restraint used to slow or stop a
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "howled" in this sentence is:**2) cry loudly, as of animals**
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "horn" in this sentence is:**11) a device on an automobile for making
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "blared" in this context is:1) **make a strident sound**
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "hit" in this sentence is:**2) hit against; come into sudden contact with
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "called out" in this sentence is:1) **utter aloud; often with surprise,
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition of "second" in this sentence is:**4) a particular point in time**
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "done" in this sentence is:**5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition of "cared" in this sentence is:1) **feel concern or interest**
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition of "hit" in this sentence is **3) deal a blow to, either with the hand or
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "regretted" in this sentence is:1) **feel remorse for; feel sorry
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "opened" in this sentence is **3) become open**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "mouth" in this sentence is:1) the opening through which food is taken in and
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "truck" in this sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling Here
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "stop" in this sentence is:**5) a spot where something halts or pauses
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "angry" in this sentence is:1) **feeling or showing anger** The
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "driver" in this sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle The
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "jumped" in this sentence is:**2) move or jump suddenly, as if
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "cab" in this sentence is:1) a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "walked" in this sentence is:**4) traverse or cover by walking**
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "arm" in this sentence is:1) a human limb; technically the part of the
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "shoulders" in this sentence is:1) the part of the body between the neck
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition of "old" in this context is **3) (used for emphasis) very familiar**.
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "friend" in this sentence is:1) a person you know well and regard with affection
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "driver" in this sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle The
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "started" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "curse" in this sentence is **1) utter obscenities or profanities**.
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable definition of "plot" in this sentence is:1) a secret scheme to do something (especially something
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "ruin" in this context is **2) destroy or cause to fail**. Here
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition of "record" in this sentence is **1) anything (such as a document or a phonograph
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable definition of "saved" in this sentence is:**3) bring into safety** The sentence
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "turned" in this sentence is:**10) cause to move around a center so
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "looked" in this sentence is:1) **perceive with attention; direct one'
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "face" in this sentence is:1) the front of the human head from the forehead
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this sentence is:**1) express in words** The sentence
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "word" in this sentence is:1) **a unit of language that native speakers can
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "driver" in this sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle The
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in this sentence is **1) come to a halt, stop moving**.
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "swearing" in this sentence is:1) **utter obscenities or profanities
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "turned" in this sentence is:**1) change orientation or direction, also in the
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "heel" in this sentence is:2) the back part of the human foot
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "truck" in this sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling The
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this sentence is:2) the process of using your mind to consider something
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "recalled" in this sentence is:**1) recall knowledge from memory; have a
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "wondered" in this sentence is:1) **have a wish or desire to know
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "seen" in this sentence is:**1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence refers
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**4) cause to do; cause to act in
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "sort" in this sentence is:**1) a category of things distinguished by some common
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "look" in this sentence is **1) the feelings expressed on a person's face**.
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "bluff" in this sentence is:2) pretense that your position is stronger than it
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "word" in this context is **1) a unit of language that native speakers can identify**.
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "light" in this sentence is **1) (physics) electromagnetic radiation that can produce a visual
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**3) a line leading to a place or point
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "went on" in this sentence is:**3) move forward, also in the metaphorical
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "street" in this sentence is:1) **a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks)
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "found out" in this sentence is:**2) get to know or become aware of
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in this sentence is:2) preferred above all others and treated with partiality
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "bars" in this sentence is:1) a room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are served
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition of "insisted" in this sentence is:1) **be emphatic or resolute and refuse to
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "offering" in this sentence is:**2) present for acceptance or rejection**
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition of "buy" in this sentence is:1) **obtain by purchase; acquire by means of
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this sentence is:1) a single serving of a beverage The
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "went" in this sentence is:**1) change location; move, travel, or
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "kept to himself" in this sentence is:1) **shun the company of others
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in this sentence is **1) be seated**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "corner" in this sentence is **1) a place off to the side of an area**.
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "passing" in this sentence is **10) pass time in a specific way**.
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **2) a period of time considered as a resource under your
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for "nursing" in this sentence is:2) maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in this sentence is:2) **preferred above all others and treated with parti
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "decided" in this sentence is:1) **reach, make, or come to a
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition of "mind" in this sentence is:1) **be offended or bothered by; take offense
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition of "company" in this sentence is:**3) the state of being with someone**
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "free" in this sentence is:3) costing nothing The sentence implies that the
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this sentence is:1) a single serving of a beverage Here
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "made" in this sentence is:**10) earn on some commercial or business transaction
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "good" in this sentence is **11) financially sound**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "job" in this sentence is:1) the principal activity in your life that you do
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "wondered" in this sentence is:1) **have a wish or desire to know
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "having" in this sentence is:**7) have a personal or business relationship with someone
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "screwball" in this sentence is:1) a whimsically eccentric person The
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "take" in this sentence is:**11) receive willingly something given or offered**
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "offer" in this sentence is:2) something offered (as a proposal or bid)
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "feel" in this sentence is:**1) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "uneasy" in this sentence is:**1) lacking a sense of security or affording
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is:**2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "realized" in this sentence is:1) **be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "gave" in this sentence is:**3) transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	The most suitable definition of "waiting" in this sentence is:1) **stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition of "answer" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or written) that
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	The most suitable definition for "seem" in this sentence is:**1) give a certain impression or have a certain
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable definition for "wink" in this context is:3) briefly shut the eyes The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for "continued" in this sentence is:**7) continue after an interruption** Here
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable definition for "stare" in this context is:1) **look at with fixed eyes**
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "weak" in this sentence is **10) deficient in magnitude; barely perceptible; lacking clarity
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "laugh" in this sentence is **1) the sound of laughing**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the sentence "Guess I can't think of anyone, Pete" is:
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "Thanks" in the sentence "Thanks anyhow" is:1) an acknowledgment of appreciation
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "faint" in this sentence is:1) **deficient in magnitude; barely perceptible;
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "crease" in this sentence is:2) a slight depression in the smoothness of a
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "appeared" in this sentence is:**5) come into being or existence, or appear
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil" is
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "taking" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil" is
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "meant" in the sentence "I meant it" is:**4) have in mind
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "has" in the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" is:**1
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this sentence is:**2) hit against; come into sudden contact with
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in this sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling Here
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "returning" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:**6) return
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "favors" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:1) **
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "do" in the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like" is:
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "like" in this sentence is **3) be fond of**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "cost" in this sentence is **2) require to lose, suffer, or sacrifice**.
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "try" in the sentence "Go ahead and try me" is:**1) make
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "rubbed" in this sentence is:**3) scrape or rub as if to relieve
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	1) the part of the face above the eyes While definition 2 is technically more accurate (referring to the
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "feel" in the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is:**1)
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "woolly" in the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is:**2
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "exit" in this sentence is:**3) the act of going out**
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "expect" in this sentence is:1) **regard something as probable or likely**
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "come" in this sentence is:**3) come to pass; arrive, as in
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "conceded" in this sentence is **1) admit (to a wrongdoing)**.
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:**1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "keeps" in this sentence is **2) continue a certain state, condition, or activity**.
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "riding" in this sentence is **5) harass with persistent criticism or carping**.
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "like" in this sentence is **2) find enjoyable or agreeable**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "listen" in this sentence is **1) hear with intention**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "radio" in this sentence is:**2) an electronic receiver that detects and demod
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "sing" in this sentence is:**2) produce tones with the voice**
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "bath" in this sentence is **2) you soak and wash your body in a bathtub**.
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "says" in this sentence is:**1) express in words** Here'
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "neighbors" in this sentence is:1) a person who lives (or is located)
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "complain" in this sentence is:1) **express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable definition for "believe" in this sentence is:1) **accept as true; take to be true
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "tell" in this sentence is **2) let something be known**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "bothers" in this sentence is:2) cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:**1
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "closed" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes" is:**1) move
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:1)
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "nodded" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:**
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "looked" in this sentence is:1) **perceive with attention; direct one'
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "seemed" in this sentence is:**1) give a certain impression or have a certain
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "Fine" in this context is **1) an expression of agreement normally occurring at the beginning of
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "give" in the sentence "Give me your address" is:**17) place
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "address" in the sentence "Give me your address" is:2) the place where
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "take" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is:**2)
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "time" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is:**2)
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in this sentence is:**1) feel or have a desire for; want
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "study" in this sentence is:1) **consider in detail and subject to an analysis
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable definition for "habits" in this sentence is:2) (psychology) an automatic pattern of behavior in
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable definition for "movements" in this sentence is:**2) the act of changing location from one place
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in this sentence is **2) perceive (an idea or situation) mentally**.
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "suicide" in this context is:1) **the act of killing yourself**
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "looks" in this context is:**2) give a certain impression or have a certain
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable definition of "trouble" in this sentence is:**1) a source of difficulty** Here
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "flew" in the sentence "Haney's eyebrows flew up" is:**
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:1) change one'
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "said" in this sentence is **8) utter aloud**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**13) reach a goal, e.g
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:**2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable definition for "stood up" in this sentence is:1) **rise to one's feet**
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable definition for "nodded" in this sentence is:**2) lower and raise the head, as
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable definition for "farewell" in this sentence is:1) an acknowledgment or expression of goodwill at parting
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "watched" in this sentence is:**4) observe with attention** Here'
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "small" in this sentence is **2) limited in size or scope**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "wiry" in this sentence is:1) **lean and sinewy**
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is:1) **an adult person who is male (as
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "slip" in this sentence is:**1) move stealthily** The sentence
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for "door" in this sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding barrier that will close the
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this sentence is:**1) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable definition for "see" in this sentence is:**7) see or watch** Haney
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable definition for "seemed" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable definition for "notice" in this sentence is:**2) notice or perceive** Here'
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable definition for "departure" in this sentence is:1) the act of departing The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "decided" in this sentence is:1) **reach, make, or come to a
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "stay" in this sentence is:**4) continue in a place, position, or
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **5) the continuum of experience in which events pass from the
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in this sentence is:**6) stretch out over a distance, space,
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "seemed" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable definition for "strange" in this sentence is:1) **being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable definition for "little" in this sentence is **6) low in stature; not tall**. Here
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable definition of "glass" in this sentence is **2) a container for holding liquids while drinking**.
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable definition for "table" in this sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "returned" in this sentence is:**1) go or come back to place, condition
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable definition for "putting" in this sentence is:**2) cause to be in a certain state;
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable definition for "whole" in this sentence is:1) **including all components without exception; being one
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable definition for "incident" in this sentence is:1) a single distinct event The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable definition of "mind" in this sentence is **2) recall or remembrance**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is:1) immediately following in time or order The
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable definition for "day" in this sentence is:**1) time for Earth to make a complete rotation
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	The most suitable definition for "hangover" in this sentence is:1) disagreeable aftereffects from the use of drugs
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable definition for "reminded" in this sentence is:1) **put in the mind of someone**
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable definition for "night" in this sentence is:1) **the time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "hangover" in this sentence is:1) disagreeable aftereffects from the use of drugs
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable definition for "reminded" in this sentence is:1) **put in the mind of someone**
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "went" in this sentence is:**1) change location; move, travel, or
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "day" in this sentence is **2) some point or period in time**. Here
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in this sentence is:**2) move past** The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable definition for "alive" in this sentence is **1) possessing life**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in this sentence is:1) someone who pays rent to use land or
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this context is:1) **an onerous or difficult concern**
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is **1) a characteristic state or mode of living**.
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	All of the definitions provided could apply to the sentence "Phil shrugged and ignored him," but the most suitable and direct definition is
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "alive" in this sentence is:1) **possessing life** The sentence
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable definition for "mailed" in this sentence is:1) **send via the postal service**
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable definition for "check" in this sentence is:1) **a written order directing a bank to pay
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "maintenance" in this sentence is:**3) court-ordered support paid by one spouse
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable definition for "wished" in this sentence is:**4) feel or express a desire or hope
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:**2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable definition for "do" in this sentence is **2) carry out or perform an action**. Here
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "Coming" in this sentence is:**1) move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable definition of "home" in this sentence is:**1) where you live at a particular time**
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable definition of "work" in this sentence is **3) the occupation for which you are paid**.
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "see" in this sentence is:**1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "lobby" in this sentence is:1) a large entrance or reception room or area
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "standing" in this sentence is:**3) occupy a place or location, also metaphor
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable definition for "talking" in this sentence is **1) exchange thoughts; talk with**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable definition for "spine" in this sentence is:1) the series of vertebrae forming the axis of the
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "crawled" in this sentence is:1) **move slowly; in the case of
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable definition for "premonition" in this sentence is:**2) an early warning about a future event
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in this sentence is:**5) address a question to and expect an answer
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable definition for "fellow" in this sentence is:**3) a person who is a member of one
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in this sentence is:1) **someone who pays rent to use land
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable definition for "happened" in this sentence is:**1) come to pass** Here'
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable definition for "died" in the sentence "The landlord had died" is:1) **pass from
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	1) the part of the day between noon and evening Let me know if you have any other words you'd
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "seemed" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "fallen" in this sentence is:**23) lose an upright position suddenly**
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable definition for "roof" in this sentence is:1) a protective covering that covers or forms the top
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "obscure" in this sentence is:**3) difficult to find** Here'
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable definition for "witnessed" in this sentence is **1) be a witness to**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "fall" in this sentence is **11) a free and rapid descent by the force of
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this sentence is:**1) the striking of one body against another**
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable definition for "body" in this sentence is:**1) the entire structure of an organism (an
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "smashed" in this sentence is:**8) collide or strike violently and suddenly**
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "pavement" in this sentence is:1) **the paved surface of a thoroughfare
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for "basement" in this sentence is:1) the lowermost portion of a structure partly or
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable definition for "delivery" in this sentence is:1) the act of delivering or distributing something (as
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "entrance" in this sentence is:1) something that provides access (to get in or
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this sentence is:**2) notice or perceive** Here'
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this sentence is:**3) perceive by a physical sensation, e.
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable definition of "blood" in this sentence is:1) the fluid (red in vertebrates) that is
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for "drain" in this sentence is **3) empty of liquid; drain the liquid from**.
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The most suitable definition for "cheeks" in this sentence is:1) either side of the face below the eyes
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable definition for "muttered" in this sentence is:**2) make complaining remarks or noises under one
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "terrible" in this sentence is **2) exceptionally bad or displeasing**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "walked" in this sentence is:**4) traverse or cover by walking**
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable definition for "deliberate" in this sentence is:**2) unhurried and with care
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable definition for "slowness" in this sentence is:2) a rate demonstrating an absence of haste or
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	1) lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered mechanically in a vertical shaft in order to move people
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable definition for "poured" in this sentence is **3) pour out**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this sentence is **1) a single serving of a beverage**. Here
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable definition for "hands" in this sentence is:1) the (prehensile) extremity of the superior
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable definition for "flopped" in this sentence is **2) fall suddenly and abruptly**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable definition for "chair" in this sentence is:1) a seat for one person, with a support
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "feel" in this sentence is:**1) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "bothered" in this sentence is:1) **take the trouble to do something;
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for "ask" in this sentence is **5) address a question to and expect an answer from**.
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "questions" in this sentence is:3) a sentence of inquiry that asks for a reply
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable definition of "coincidence" in this sentence is:1) an event that might have been arranged although
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:**2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable definition for "happy" in this sentence is:1) **enjoying or showing or marked by joy
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable definition for "lousy" in this sentence is **1) very bad**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "had" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable definition of "family" in this context is **2) primary social group; parents and children**.
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in this context is **3) experience (emotional) pain**. Here
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in this sentence is **8) utter aloud**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for "kills" in this sentence is:**1) cause to die; put to death,
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **3) the generic use of the word to refer to any
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The most suitable definition of "favor" in this sentence is:**1) an act of gracious kindness**
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable definition of "mean" in this sentence is:**4) have in mind as a purpose**
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable definition for "said" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:**2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "large" in this sentence is:1) **above average in size or number or quantity
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable definition for "sad" in this sentence is:1) **experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness**
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "hurt" in this sentence is **5) hurt the feelings of**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable definition for "dream" in this sentence is:1) **a series of mental images and emotions occurring
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable definition for "dream" in this sentence is:1) **a series of mental images and emotions occurring
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable definition for "beginning" in this sentence is **7) have a beginning characterized in some specified way**.
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable definition for "overtones" in this sentence is:1) (usually plural) an ulterior implicit meaning
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable definition for "nightmare" in this context is:**2) a terrifying or deeply upsetting dream**
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable definition for "knew" in this sentence is:**3) be aware of the truth of something;
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable definition for "dream" in this sentence is:1) a series of mental images and emotions occurring during
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable definition for "tight" in this sentence is **5) (used of persons or behavior) characterized by or
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable definition for "knew" in this sentence is:**3) be aware of the truth of something;
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **1) same in identity**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable definition for "bar" in this sentence is:1) a room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are served
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable definition for "weeks" in this sentence is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable definition for "night" in this sentence is:**1) the time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable definition for "had" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable definition of "excuse" in this context is:1) a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is **2) consume alcohol**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable definition for "usual" in this sentence is:1) **occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in this sentence is **1) be seated**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable definition for "usual" in this sentence is:1) **occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable definition for "corner" in this sentence is **1) a place off to the side of an area**.
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable definition for "little" in this sentence is **1) limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable definition for "table" in this sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable definition for "talkative" in this sentence is **1) full of trivial conversation**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable definition of "friendly" in this context is:2) inclined to help or support; not antagonistic or
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable definition for "enjoying" in this sentence is:**1) derive or receive pleasure from; get
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable definition for "ritual" in this sentence is:**1) any customary observance or practice**
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable definition for "washing down" in this sentence is:1) **eat food accompanied by lots of liquid
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable definition of "pet" in this sentence is:3) a fit of petulance or sulkiness
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable definition for "grievance" in this sentence is:**3) a complaint about a (real or
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable definition for "bourbon" in this sentence is:2) whiskey distilled from a mash of corn and
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for "water" in this context is:1) **binary compound that occurs at room temperature as
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in this sentence is:2) **preferred above all others and treated with parti
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable definition for "grievance" in this sentence is:**3) a complaint about a (real or
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable definition for "forgotten" in this sentence is:1) **dismiss from the mind; stop remembering**
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable definition for "mentioned" in this sentence is:**2) make mention of** Here'
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable definition for "real" in this sentence is:**1) being or occurring in fact or actuality;
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable definition for "grievance" in the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly" is:**3
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable definition for "end" in this sentence is **2) the point in time at which something ends**.
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable definition of "wet" in this context is:1) **covered or soaked with a liquid such as
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable definition for "rings" in this sentence is **2) a toroidal shape**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable definition for "bottom" in this sentence is **2) the lowest part of anything**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable definition for "glass" in this sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while drinking
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable definition for "became" in this sentence is:1) **enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable definition for "aware" in this sentence is:1) **(sometimes followed by `of') having
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable definition for "looked" in this sentence is:1) **perceive with attention; direct one'
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:**2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in this sentence is **1) be seated**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable definition for "table" in this sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable definition for "smiling" in this context is:1) **change one's facial expression by spreading
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable definition for "secret" in this context is:**1) not open or public; kept private or
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this sentence is:**2) notice or perceive** Here'
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable definition of "name" in this sentence is:1) **a language unit by which a person or
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable definition of "seen" in this sentence is:**7) see or watch** The sentence
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable definition for "sit down" in this sentence is **1) take a seat**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **3) the generic use of the word to refer to any
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable definition for "uncanny" in this sentence is:**1) suggesting the operation of supernatural influences;
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable definition of "shadow" in this sentence is:**3) something existing in perception only**
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable definition for "made" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The most suitable definition of "noise" in this context is **1) sound of any kind (especially unintelligible or disson
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable definition of "shadow" in this sentence is:**3) something existing in perception only**
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable definition for "shrinking" in this sentence is **2) draw back, as with fear or pain**.
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable definition for "trapped" in this sentence is **2) catch in or as if in a trap**.
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "corner" in this sentence is **3) an interior angle formed by two meeting walls**.
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable definition for "wiry" in this sentence is:1) **lean and sinewy**
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable definition for "little" in this sentence is **6) low in stature; not tall**. Here
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable definition for "began" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable definition for "wish" in this sentence is:**4) feel or express a desire or hope concerning
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable definition for "shouted" in this context is **2) utter a sudden loud cry**. Here
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:**2) recently past** Here's
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this sentence is:1) the latter part of the day (the period
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable definition for "truck" in this sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling Here
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable definition for "bore down" in this sentence is:**3) to make a rush at or sudden
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable definition for "crossing" in this sentence is:5) a path (often marked) where something (
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable definition for "saddled" in this sentence is:**2) load or burden; encumber
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable definition of "creep" in this sentence is:1) someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable definition for "start" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable definition for "going" in this sentence is:**1) change location; move, travel, or
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable definition for "places" in this sentence is:**4) a general vicinity** Here'
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable definition for "low" in this sentence is **3) very low in volume**. Here's
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable definition for "voice" in this sentence is:**2) the sound made by the vibration of vocal
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in this sentence is:**5) address a question to and expect an answer
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	The most suitable definition of "happy" in this context is:1) **enjoying or showing or marked by joy
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**2) how a result is obtained or an end
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in this sentence is:**5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable definition for "mistake" in this sentence is:1) **a wrong action attributable to bad judgment
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable definition for "answering" in this sentence is:**1) react verbally** Here'
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**1) how something is done or how it happens
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable definition for "realized" in this sentence is:1) **be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable definition for "skepticism" in this sentence is:1) **doubt about the truth of something
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this sentence is:**4) make visible or noticeable** Here
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable definition for "face" in this sentence is **2) the feelings expressed on a person's face**.
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable definition for "voice" in this sentence is:**1) the distinctive quality or pitch or condition of
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable definition for "became" in this sentence is:**1) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	The most suitable definition for "sad" in this sentence is:1) **experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness**
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable definition for "moody" in this sentence is:**2) subject to sharply varying moods**
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable definition of "want" in this sentence is:1) **feel or have a desire for; want
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable definition of "encourage" in this context is:**2) inspire with confidence; give hope or
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in this sentence is:**5) a social or business visitor**
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this sentence is:**2) come to believe on the basis of emotion
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable definition of "buy" in this sentence is:1) **obtain by purchase; acquire by means of
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable definition of "drink" in this context is:1) a single serving of a beverage Here
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this sentence is:**1) keep from happening or arising; make impossible
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this sentence is:1) **capable of happening or existing**
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable definition of "trouble" in this sentence is:**1) a source of difficulty** Here
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable definition for "trouble" in the sentence "But there was no trouble" is:**1) a
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this sentence is **1) a single serving of a beverage**. Here
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable definition for "upset" in this sentence is:**2) cause to lose one's composure
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable definition of "appreciation" in this sentence is:**1) understanding of the nature or meaning or
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable definition for "break" in this sentence is:**18) interrupt a continued activity**
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	The most suitable definition for "uncomfortable" in this sentence is:1) **conducive to or feeling mental discomfort
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable definition for "silence" in this sentence is:1) **the state of being silent (as when
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable definition for "began" in this sentence is:**4) begin to speak or say; he began
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable definition for "talk" in this sentence is **1) exchange thoughts; talk with**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this context is:1) a single serving of a beverage Here
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable definition for "complaining" in this sentence is:1) **express complaints, discontent, displeasure,
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable definition of "subject" in this context is:1) **the subject matter of a conversation or discussion
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in this context is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this sentence is:**2) notice or perceive** Here'
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this context is:**1) a sense of concern with and curiosity about
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this sentence is:**4) make visible or noticeable** The
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable definition of "alert" in this context is:**1) engaged in or accustomed to close observation**
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable definition of "face" in this context is:**2) the feelings expressed on a person's
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable definition of "bright" in this context is **6) splendid**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this sentence is:1) the organ of sight The sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable definition for "paused" in this sentence is:**2) cease an action temporarily** The
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable definition for "moisten" in this context is:**1) make moist** The sentence
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable definition for "throat" in this sentence is:1) the passage to the stomach and lungs; in
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this sentence is:**2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable definition for "broke in" in this sentence is **2) break into a conversation**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable definition for "pay" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:**1) give
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable definition for "bills" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:**2) an
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable definition for "men" in this sentence is **8) a male person who plays a significant role (husband
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is:**9) state as one's opinion or judgement
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable definition for "divorce" in this sentence is:2) get a divorce; formally terminate a marriage
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) a person (usually but not necessarily a woman) who is thoroughly disliked
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	The most suitable definition of "love" in this context is **2) get pleasure from**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable definition for "get" in this sentence is:**1) come into the possession of something concrete or
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable definition for "half" in this sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of a divisible whole
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is **4) have ownership or possession of**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable definition for "deal" in the sentence "Community property deal -- you know" is:2) an
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "business" in this sentence is:**1) a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable definition of "share" in this sentence is:**1) assets belonging to or due to or contributed
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable definition for "nodded" in the sentence "Pete nodded understandingly" is:**2) lower
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in the sentence "Now I see" is:**2) perceive (an
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable definition for "understand" in this sentence is:1) **know and comprehend the nature or meaning of
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable definition for "state" in this sentence is **2) the way something is with respect to its main attributes
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable definition for "came" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is:**2)
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable definition for "retire" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is:**1
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable definition for "do" in this sentence is **2) carry out or perform an action**. Here
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable definition for "free" in this sentence is **3) costing nothing**. Here's why:
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable definition for "job" in this sentence is **2) a specific piece of work required to be done as
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable definition for "told" in the sentence "You should have told me about her before" is:**
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this sentence is:**1) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable definition for "twinge" in this sentence is:**2) a sharp stab of pain**
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable definition for "annoyance" in this sentence is:1) the psychological state of being irritated or
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable definition for "heard" in this sentence is:1) **perceive (sound) via the auditory
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable definition for "familiar" in this sentence is:**1) well known or easily recognized**
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable definition for "wild" in this sentence is **6) without a basis in reason or fact**  or
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this sentence is:1) **the content of cognition; the main thing
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable definition for "clouded" in this sentence is **3) mentally disordered**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable definition for "brain" in this sentence is:**3) that which is responsible for one's
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable definition for "Suppose" in this sentence is:**3) to believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable definition for "suppose" in this sentence is:**3) to believe especially on uncertain or tentative
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable definition for "said" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable definition for "professional" in the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:**1) engaged in
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable definition for "killer" in the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:1) someone who causes
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable definition for "nut" in this sentence is **5) a whimsically eccentric person**. The sentence
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable definition of "harm" in this sentence is **2) the occurrence of a change for the worse**.
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable definition for "done" in this sentence is:**5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable definition for "do" in this sentence is **2) carry out or perform an action**. Here
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this sentence is:**1) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable definition of "cunning" in this sentence is:2) marked by skill in deception The
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable definition of "proud" in this sentence is:1) **feeling self-respect or pleasure in something
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable definition for "played" in this sentence is:**16) engage in an activity as if it
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable definition for "man" in this sentence is **1) an adult person who is male (as opposed to
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable definition for "soft spot" in this sentence is:**2) a sentimental affection** Here
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable definition of "offense" in this context is:1) **a lack of politeness; a failure
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable definition for "intended" in this sentence is:**3) mean or intend to express or convey**
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable definition for "said" in this sentence is:**6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable definition for "suspect" in this sentence is:**3) hold in suspicion; believe to be
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this sentence is:**8) an entity that is not named specifically**
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable definition for "coincidence" in this sentence is:1) an event that might have been arranged although
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the sentence "After all, I didn't know you, Pete" is
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable definition for "managed" in the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is:**2
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:**2) an individual
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable definition for "hooked" in the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:**11)
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:1) the organ
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable definition for "burned" in the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:**2) shine
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable definition for "muttered" in this sentence is:**2) make complaining remarks or noises under one
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable definition for "looked" in the sentence "Of course it looked like an accident" is:**2
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**1) how something is done or how it happens
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **4) a suitable moment**. Here's why
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable definition for "has" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in an concrete
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable definition for "alibi" in this sentence is:1) (law) a defense by an accused
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable definition for "Let" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil" is:**3)
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable definition for "prove" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil" is:**2)
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable definition for "favor" in this sentence is:1) **an act of gracious kindness**
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable definition for "waited" in the sentence "He waited eagerly" is:1) **stay in
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable definition for "liquor" in this sentence is:1) an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable definition for "bottom" in this sentence is **2) the lowest part of anything**. Here'
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable definition for "glass" in this sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while drinking
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition of "rout" in this sentence is:2) an overwhelming defeat The sentence describes a
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "backed" in this sentence is:**3) give support or one's approval to
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this context is:1) **relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "reminder" in this sentence is:**2) an experience that causes you to remember something
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition of "federal" in this context is:1) **national; especially in reference to the government
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable definition of "level" in this context is:**3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable definition for "political" in this sentence is:1) **involving or characteristic of politics or parties
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable definition of "past" in this sentence is:1) **earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this context is:1) **relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "election" in this sentence is:1) a vote to select the winner of a position
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "nation" in this sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a single
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "choose" in this sentence is:1) **pick out, select, or choose from
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition of "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political power The
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "percentage" in this sentence is:1) a proportion in relation to a whole (which
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "equals" in this sentence is:1) **be identical or equivalent to**
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:1) **be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable definition of "tend" in this sentence is:1) have a tendency or disposition to do or be
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "favor" in this sentence is:**2) consider as the favorite** The
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this sentence is:1) a member of the Republican Party The
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "races" in this sentence is:1) **any competition** The sentence is
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "president" in this sentence is:**2) the person who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this context is:1) **relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "election" in this sentence is:1) a vote to select the winner of a position
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "past" in this sentence is:1) **earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this context is:1) **relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "percentage" in this context is:1) a proportion in relation to a whole (which
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition of "major" in this context is:**1) of greater importance or stature or rank**
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable definition of "party" in this context is:1) **an organization to gain political power**
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable definition of "popular" in this context is:**2) carried on by or for the people (
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition of "vote" in this context is:**1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable definition for "president" in this sentence is:**2) the person who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "seats" in this context is:7) the legal right to sit as a member in
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition of "popular" in this context is:**2) carried on by or for the people (
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition of "vote" in this context is:**1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "opposite" in this sentence is:**1) a word that expresses a meaning opposed to
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "accounts for" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?" is:
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "results" in this sentence is:**3) something that results** Here'
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this sentence is:2) of the immediate past or just previous to the
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	1) a period of 10 years Let me know if you have any other words you'd like defined
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "simple" in this context is:**1) having few parts; not complex or complicated
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "partial" in this sentence is:1) **being or affecting only a part; not
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "displayed" in this sentence is:1) **to show, make visible or apparent**
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "Americans" in this sentence is:1) a native or inhabitant of the United States
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "assumptions" in this sentence is:1) **a statement that is assumed to be
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "brands" in this sentence is:**2) a recognizable kind** Here'
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "political" in this context is:**1) involving or characteristic of politics or parties or
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "agents" in this sentence is:**2) a representative who acts on behalf of other
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "brand" in this context is:**2) a recognizable kind** Here'
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "minimalist" in this context is:**2) advocating minimal reforms (as in government or
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition of "state" in this context is **4) a politically organized body of people under a single government
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for "virtues" in this context is:**2) any admirable quality or attribute**
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable definition of "private" in this context is:**3) concerning one person exclusively** Here
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "markets" in this context is:1) the world of commercial activity where goods and services
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "vices" in this context is:**1) moral weakness** Here's
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	Both definitions 1) and 2) accurately capture the meaning of "public" in this context. Here'
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	The most suitable definition of "action" in this context is:**1) something done (usually as opposed to something
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is **3) representing or appealing to or adapted for the benefit of
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable definition of "brand" in this context is:**2) a recognizable kind** Here'
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	Both definitions 1) and 2) accurately capture the meaning of "public" in this context. Here'
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable definition of "intervention" in this context is:**3) the act or fact of interposing one
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	The most suitable definition for "remedy" in this context is:**2) provide relief for** Here
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable definition for "excesses" in this context is:**2) immoderation as a consequence of
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable definition for "attendant" in this sentence is:**2) following or accompanying as a consequence**
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable definition for "pursuit" in this context is:1) **the act of pursuing in an effort
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable definition of "private" in this context is:**3) concerning one person exclusively** Here
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this context is:**2) a reason for wanting something done**
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is:**3) a member of the United States House
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "responsibilities" in this context is:**3) a form of trustworthiness; the trait
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "voting" in this context is:**1) express one's preference for a candidate
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "office" in this context is **3) the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "dealing" in this context is:**3) take action with respect to (someone or
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is:**3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "issues" in this context is:1) **an important question that is in dispute and
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this context is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "casting" in this context is:**1) put or send forth** Here
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is:**1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "legislation" in this context is:1) **law enacted by a legislative body**
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	The most suitable definition for "imposes" in this context is:**2) impose something unpleasant** Here
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable definition of "costs" in this context is:**1) the total spent for goods or services including
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable definition of "confers" in this context is:**2) present** Here's
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable definition for "population" in this context is:1) **the people who inhabit a territory or state
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable definition of "attending" in this context is:1) **get down to; pay attention to
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable definition for "local" in this context is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with the
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable definition for "issues" in this context is:1) **an important question that is in dispute and
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is:**2) an act of help or assistance**
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this sentence is:**3) a member of the United States House
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "belief" in this context is:**1) any cognitive content held as true**
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "minimalist" in this context is:2) advocating minimal reforms (as in government or politics
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable definition of "state" in this context is **4) a politically organized body of people under a single government
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this sentence is:1) **disposed or inclined toward** Here
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "engage" in this sentence is:1) **carry out or participate in an activity;
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with the
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "assumptions" in this context is:**1) a statement that is assumed to be
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "hold" in this sentence is **15) be valid, applicable, or true**.
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition of "races" in this context is **1) any competition**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable definition of "face" in this sentence is:1) **deal with (something unpleasant) head on
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable definition of "incentive" in this context is:1) a positive motivational influence Here'
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "lean" in this context is:3) have a tendency or disposition to do or be
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition of "put" in this sentence is:**1) put into a certain place or abstract location
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is:**2) an administrative unit of government**
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable definition of "acquire" in this context is:1) **come into the possession of something concrete or
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition of "local" in this context is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition of "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable definition of "prevent" in this context is:**1) keep from happening or arising; make impossible
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable definition of "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable definition for "bringing home the bacon" in this context is:**2) supply means of subsistence;
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable definition of "comes" in this sentence is **2) be relevant to**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "national" in this sentence is:**3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is:1) **the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "races" in this context is:1) **any competition** Here's
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "incentive" in this context is:1) **a positive motivational influence**
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "lean" in this sentence is:3) have a tendency or disposition to do or be
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is:**2) the person who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "limit" in this context is:**1) place limits on (extent or access)**
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition of "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition of "particular" in this context is:1) **unique or specific to a person or thing
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is:**2) the person who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable definition of "likely" in this context is:**2) likely but not certain to be or become
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "effective" in this context is:**2) able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable definition for "preventing" in this context is:**1) keep from happening or arising; make
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition of "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this sentence is:**1) being or characteristic of a single thing or
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "standing" in this sentence is:1) **social or financial or professional status or reputation
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "enhanced" in this sentence is:**2) make better or more attractive**
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "simple" in this context is:**1) having few parts; not complex or complicated
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "appears" in this sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable, or apparent
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "explain" in this sentence is:1) **make plain and comprehensible**
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "several" in this sentence is:1) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **8) an entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this sentence is:1) **become bigger or greater in amount**
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this sentence is:**5) take on a certain form, attribute,
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition of "past" in this sentence is:1) **earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the winner of a position
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is:**2) the person who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable definition for "advent" in this sentence is:1) **arrival that has been awaited (especially of
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "government" in this context is:1) **the organization that is the governing authority of
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable definition of "occupied" in this sentence is:**3) occupy the whole of** Here
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable definition of "role" in this context is:1) **the actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable definition of "society" in this context is:1) an extended social group having a distinctive cultural and
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is:**1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "confronting" in this sentence is **4) be face to face with**.
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable definition of "races" in this context is **1) any competition**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "explains" in this sentence is:**3) serve as a reason or cause or
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "hold" in this sentence is:**5) keep in mind or convey as a conviction
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable definition of "disdain" in this context is:1) **lack of respect accompanied by a feeling
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable definition of "love" in this context is:1) **have a great affection or liking for**
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is:**1) a person who represents others**
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this sentence is:**1) being or characteristic of a single thing or
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "constituents" in this sentence is:2) a member of a constituency; a citizen
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable definition of "appreciate" in this context is:**1) recognize with gratitude; be grateful for
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable definition for "specific" in this sentence is:1) **(sometimes followed by `to') applying
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	The most suitable definition for "wins" in this context is:**2) win something through one's efforts**
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable definition for "overall" in this sentence is:2) including everything The sentence is talking about
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	The most suitable definition of "cost" in this context is:**3) value measured by what must be given or
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable definition of "doing" in this context is:**2) carry out or perform an action**
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "suggests" in this sentence is:**3) imply as a possibility**
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "national" in this sentence is:**3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is:1) **the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "relative" in this sentence is:2) properly related in size or degree or other measurable
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with the
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is **2) an administrative unit of government**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition of "vulnerable" in this context is:1) **susceptible to attack**
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "become" in this sentence is:**2) undergo a change or development**
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "immune" in this sentence is:**4) (usually followed by `to') not
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable definition of "defeat" in this context is:1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "exception" in this sentence is:2) an instance that does not conform to a rule
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "trend" in this sentence is:**1) a general direction in which something tends to
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "defeat" in this context is:1) **an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable definition of "freshman" in this context is:**1) a first-year undergraduate**
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this sentence is:1) a member of the Republican Party The
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "brought" in this sentence is:**1) take something or somebody with oneself somewhere**
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable definition of "office" in this sentence is:**2) an administrative unit of government**
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable definition of "revolution" in this context is:1) **a drastic and far-reaching change in
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable definition for "running" in this sentence is:**9) run, stand, or compete for an
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "freshmen" in this context is:1) a first-year undergraduate The
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "placed" in this sentence is:**2) place somebody in a particular situation or location
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "emphasis" in this sentence is:1) **special importance or significance** The
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "role" in this sentence is:1) **the actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in this sentence is:**5) cause to become widely known**
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition of "revolution" in this context is:1) a drastic and far-reaching change in ways
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "national" in this sentence is **3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:**1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is:1) **the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "indicates" in this sentence is:**4) give evidence of** Here'
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "attracting" in this sentence is:2) be attractive to Here's
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "office" in this sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government Here'
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "potential" in this sentence is:**1) existing in possibility** Here'
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:**2) someone who is considered for something (for
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition of "discouraged" in this sentence is:2) deprive of courage or hope; take away
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "running" in this sentence is:**9) run, stand, or compete for an
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for "prospect" in this sentence is:1) **the possibility of future success**
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable definition of "defeat" in this context is:1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this sentence is:**2) someone who offers opposition** Here
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable definition of "extent" in this sentence is:1) **the point or degree to which something extends
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "potential" in this sentence is:**1) existing in possibility** Here'
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition of "realize" in this context is:1) **be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "works" in this sentence is:**3) have an effect or outcome; often the
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "hindered" in this context is:**2) hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "attempts" in this sentence is:1) **earnest and conscientious activity intended to do
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable definition of "competitive" in this context is:1) **involving competition or competitiveness**
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable definition of "slate" in this context is:4) a list of candidates nominated by a political party
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "partial" in this sentence is:1) **being or affecting only a part; not
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "reason" in this sentence is:**2) an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "extent" in this sentence is:1) **the point or degree to which something extends
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable definition for "held" in this sentence is:**9) have rightfully; of rights, titles,
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "share" in this context is:**3) the allotment of some amount by dividing something
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable definition of "power" in this context is:1) **possession of controlling influence** Here
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable definition of "able" in this context is:1) (usually followed by `to') having the
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable definition of "translate" in this context is:**6) be equivalent in effect** Here
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "local" in this context is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable definition of "had" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable definition of "strong" in this context is:**1) having strength or power greater than average or
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable definition of "incentive" in this context is:1) a positive motivational influence The sentence
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable definition for "keep" in this sentence is:**10) allow to remain in a place or
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable definition for "Democrats" in this context is:1) a member of the Democratic Party The
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is **4) (of a government or government official) holding an
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "suggests" in this sentence is:**3) imply as a possibility**
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this sentence is:1) a member of the Republican Party The
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable definition of "fared" in this sentence is:1) **proceed or get along**
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "races" in this context is:1) **any competition** The sentence is
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "campaigns" in this sentence is:1) **a race between candidates for elective office**
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is:**3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this context is:**1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for "making" in this sentence is:1) **the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable definition for "chamber" in this context is:**4) a deliberative or legislative or administrative or
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable definition of "expect" in this sentence is:1) **regard something as probable or likely**
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is:1) a member of the Republican Party The
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable definition of "willing" in this context is:1) **disposed or inclined toward** Here
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable definition for "engage" in this sentence is:1) **carry out or participate in an activity;
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party**. Here's
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable definition for "counterparts" in this sentence is:1) a person or thing having the same function
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable definition of "empirical" in this context is:1) derived from experiment and observation rather than theory
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "support" in this context is **5) documentary validation**. Here's why:
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "pieces" in this sentence is:**1) a separate part of a whole**
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this sentence is:**2) an indication that makes something evident**
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition of "assumption" in this sentence is:**1) a statement that is assumed to be true
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this sentence is:**2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this sentence is:1) **disposed or inclined toward** Here
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for "engage" in this sentence is:1) **carry out or participate in an activity;
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party The sentence clearly refers to a political affiliation, making definition 1
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	The most suitable definition for "colleagues" in this sentence is:1) **an associate that one works with**
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "First" in this sentence is:**3) before another in time, space, or
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "find" in this sentence is:**4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:**2) particular to a given individual**
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "staff" in this sentence is:1) **personnel who assist their superior in carrying out
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "budgets" in this sentence is:**1) a sum of money allocated for a
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	1) a member of the Democratic Party The sentence is discussing political affiliations and budget allocations within the US Senate.
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "extent" in this sentence is:1) **the point or degree to which something extends
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "primary" in this sentence is:**1) of first rank or importance or value;
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable definition of "duty" in this context is:2) work that you are obliged to perform for moral
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:**1) concerning or affecting a particular person or his
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "staff" in this sentence is:1) **personnel who assist their superior in carrying out
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "involves" in this sentence is:**3) have as a necessary feature**
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "indicates" in this sentence is:**4) give evidence of** Here'
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "political" in this sentence is:**1) involving or characteristic of politics or parties or
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable definition for "philosophy" in this context is:2) the rational investigation of questions about existence and knowledge
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "leads" in this sentence is:**3) tend to or result in**
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is:1) a member of the Republican Party The
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable definition of "narrow" in this context is **2) limited in size or scope**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition of "constituent" in this context is:2) a member of a constituency; a citizen
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in this sentence is:1) **something that interests you because it is important
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable definition of "assumption" in this context is:**1) a statement that is assumed to be true
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable definition of "valid" in this context is:1) **well grounded in logic or truth or having
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "Democrats" in this context is:1) a member of the Democratic Party The
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable definition of "have" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable definition of "attendance" in this context is:**2) the frequency with which a person is present
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "rates" in this sentence is:**1) a magnitude or frequency relative to a time
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is:**1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is:1) a member of the Republican Party The
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable definition of "extent" in this context is:1) **the point or degree to which something extends
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is:**1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable definition of "reflect" in this context is:**6) give evidence of a certain behavior**
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is:**3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this context is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable definition of "making" in this context is:1) **the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is:**1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable definition of "time" in this context is:**2) a period of time considered as a resource
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable definition of "devote" in this context is:**1) give entirely to a specific person,
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable definition of "local" in this context is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "indicate" in this sentence is **4) give evidence of**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) a special set of circumstances**. Here'
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this sentence is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in this sentence is:**2) the frequency with which a person is present
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "rate" in this sentence is:**1) a magnitude or frequency relative to a time
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party The sentence clearly refers to a political party, making definition 1
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in this sentence is:**2) the frequency with which a person is present
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "rate" in this sentence is:**1) a magnitude or frequency relative to a time
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "shown" in this sentence is **3) provide evidence for**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "table" in this sentence is:1) a set of data arranged in rows and columns
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "Democrats" in this sentence is:1) a member of the Democratic Party The
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in this sentence is:**4) the relation between things (or parts of
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:**2) particular to a given individual**
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "staffs" in this sentence is:1) **personnel who assist their superior in carrying
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable definition for "offices" in this sentence is:1) **place of business where professional or clerical duties
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable definition for "local" in this sentence is:1) **relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable definition for "duties" in this sentence is:2) work that you are obliged to perform for
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable definition for "national" in this sentence is **3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	The most suitable definition of "making" in this context is:1) **the act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable definition for "activities" in this sentence is:1) **any specific behavior** Here'
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable definition for "relative" in this sentence is:**2) properly related in size or degree or other
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable definition for "offices" in this sentence is:1) **place of business where professional or clerical duties
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "examination" in this context is:1) **the act of examining something closely (as
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in this context is **2) a relational difference between states; especially between states before
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:**2) particular to a given individual**
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "decisions" in this context is:**2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable definition of "control" in this context is:**1) power to direct or determine**
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "body" in this sentence is:**2) a group of persons associated by some common
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable definition of "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political power The
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in this context is:**2) make known to the public information that
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:**2) particular to a given individual**
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable definition for "differences" in this context is:**1) the quality of being unlike or dissimilar**
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable definition for "noted" in this context is **1) make mention of**. Here's why
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable definition of "table" in this context is:1) a set of data arranged in rows and columns
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	The most suitable definition for "attributed" in this sentence is:1) **attribute or credit to** Here
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable definition of "control" in this context is:**1) power to direct or determine**
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	The most suitable definition for "Democrats" in this context is:1) a member of the Democratic Party The
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	The most suitable definition of "exercise" in this context is:1) **put to use** Here'
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable definition of "status" in this context is:1) the relative position or standing of things or especially
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable definition for "resources" in this context is:**2) a source of aid or support that may
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable definition for "committee" in this context is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matter;
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable definition of "staff" in this context is:1) **personnel who assist their superior in carrying out
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition of "piece" in this context is:**1) a separate part of a whole**
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this context is:**2) an indication that makes something evident**
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "Holding" in this sentence is:**1) keep in a certain state, position,
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "factors" in this sentence is:1) **anything that contributes causally to a result
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable definition of "constant" in this context is:1) **unvarying in nature** Here
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable definition of "incumbency" in this context is:**1) the term during which some position
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in this context is:1) **the quality of having a superior or more
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable definition for "regional" in this context is:**2) related or limited to a particular region**
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable definition for "factors" in this sentence is:1) **anything that contributes causally to a result
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition of "difference" in this context is:**5) the number that remains after subtraction; the
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition of "popular" in this context is:**2) carried on by or for the people (
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in this context is:**1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	The most suitable definition for "presidential" in this context is:1) **relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this context is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable definition of "states" in this context is:1) **the territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable definition for "conducting" in this sentence is:**1) direct the course of; manage or control
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable definition for "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the winner of a position
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable definition for "turns out" in this sentence is:**2) prove to be in the result or
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable definition of "positive" in this context is:**8) reckoned, situated or tending in the direction
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable definition of "function" in this context is:**4) a relation such that one thing is dependent
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this context is:**2) weight to be borne or conveyed**
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable definition of "state" in this context is:1) **the territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable definition of "progressive" in this context is:3) (of taxes) adjusted so that the rate
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable definition of "hits" in this context is:**5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable definition of "higher" in this context is:**1) greater than normal in degree or intensity or
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable definition of "states" in this context is:1) **the territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "put" in this sentence is:**3) formulate in a particular style or language**
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "president" in this sentence is:**2) the person who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "looked on" in this sentence is:**2) look on as or consider**
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable definition for "severe" in this context is:**1) intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "appears" in this sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable, or apparent
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "take" in this sentence is:**5) take on a certain form, attribute,
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is:**2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is:**3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable definition for "federal" in this sentence is:1) national; especially in reference to the government of
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is:**3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "lines" in this sentence is:**1) a formation of people or things one beside
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable definition of "reverse" in this sentence is:1) **a relation of direct opposition**
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "investigation" in this context is:2) the work of inquiring into something thoroughly and systematically
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in this context is **2) make known to the public information that was previously
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable definition of "holding" in this context is:**7) to close within bounds, limit or hold
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable definition for "factors" in this sentence is:1) **anything that contributes causally to a result
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable definition of "constant" in this context is:1) **unvarying in nature** Here
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:**5) the number that remains after subtraction; the
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable definition of "state" in this sentence is:1) **the territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition of "major" in this context is:1) **of greater importance or stature or rank**
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable definition of "party" in this context is:1) **an organization to gain political power**
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable definition of "vote" in this context is:1) **a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable definition for "going" in this sentence is:**8) follow a certain course** Here
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable definition of "share" in this context is:**3) the allotment of some amount by dividing something
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable definition for "house" in this context is:**5) an official assembly having legislative powers**
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable definition of "positive" in this context is **8) reckoned, situated or tending in the direction which naturally
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable definition of "function" in this context is:**4) a relation such that one thing is dependent
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable definition of "state" in this sentence is:1) **the territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "federal" in this sentence is:**1) national; especially in reference to the government
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this sentence is:**3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable definition of "irrational" in this context is:1) **not consistent with or using reason**
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in this sentence is:**1) manner of acting or controlling yourself**
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable definition for "display" in this sentence is:1) **to show, make visible or apparent**
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable definition of "rational" in this context is:1) **consistent with or based on or using reason
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "long" in this sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "night" in this sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before sunrise while it
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "devastating" in this sentence is:1) **cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "earthquake" in this sentence is:1) shaking and vibration at the surface of the
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "residents" in this sentence is:1) someone who lives at a particular place for a
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "searched" in this sentence is:1) **try to locate or discover, or try
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition of "comfort" in this sentence is:**2) a feeling of freedom from worry or disappointment
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "solace" in this sentence is:**2) comfort in disappointment or misery**
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "screen" in this sentence is:**3) the display that is electronically created on the
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "made" in this sentence is:**23) reach a destination, either real or
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "computers" in this sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations automatically The
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for "link" in this sentence is:**2) connect, fasten, or put together two
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "computers" in this sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations automatically The
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "vivid" in this sentence is:**1) evoking lifelike images within the mind
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "came" in this sentence is **16) be received**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "electronic" in this context is:1) **of or relating to electronics; concerned with
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "subscribers" in this sentence is:2) someone who contracts to receive and pay for a
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "live" in this sentence is:1) **inhabit or live in; be an
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "hours" in this sentence is:1) a period of time equal to 1/
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "came" in this sentence is:**8) start running, functioning, or operating**
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "teemed" in this sentence is:1) **be teeming, be abuzz**
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "emotional" in this context is **1) determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason**.
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this sentence is:**3) a short account of the news**
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "electronic" in this sentence is:1) **of or relating to electronics; concerned with
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "traffic" in this sentence is:3) the amount of activity over a communication system during
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is:**7) a reading of a point in time as
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "Time" in this sentence is:**7) a reading of a point in time as
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "subscribers" in this sentence is:2) someone who contracts to receive and pay for a
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is:**1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "identify" in this sentence is:**2) give the name or identifying characteristics of;
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "avenues" in this sentence is:2) a wide street or thoroughfare
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "floor" in this sentence is:**1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as of
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "old" in this sentence is **2) of long duration; not new**. Here
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:1) **a structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "heart" in this sentence is:2) the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "fallen" in this sentence is **23) lose an upright position suddenly**. Here
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "poster" in this sentence is:1) a sign posted in a public place as an
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "frames" in this sentence is:**10) a framework that supports and protects a
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable definition of "glass" in this sentence is:1) a brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "floor" in this sentence is:**1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as of
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "open" in this context is:**1) affording unobstructed entrance and exit; not
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "floor" in this sentence is:**1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as of
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in this sentence is:2) preferred above all others and treated with partiality
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in this sentence is:1) **stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is **3) an amusement or pastime**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "start" in this sentence is **13) begin an event that is implied and limited by
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this sentence is:**3) perceive by a physical sensation, e.
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "begin" in this sentence is **6) have a beginning, of a temporal event**.
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "glanced" in this sentence is:1) **throw a glance at; take
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "table" in this sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is:2) nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "smiled" in this context is:1) **change one's facial expression by
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "guilty" in this sentence is:**2) showing a sense of guilt;**
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "mouthed" in this sentence is:2) articulate silently; form words with the lips only
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "words" in this sentence is:1) **a unit of language that native speakers can
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable definition for "earthquake" in this sentence is:1) shaking and vibration at the surface of the
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "long" in this sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "takes" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the temblors
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "pass" in this sentence is:**4) pass by** Here's
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **1) an instance or single occasion for some event**.
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is:**2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof and walls and
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "started" in this sentence is:**2) set in motion, cause to start**
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in this sentence is:**3) shake or vibrate rapidly and intensively**
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "child" in this sentence is **1) a young person of either sex**. Here
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "toy" in this sentence is:1) **an artifact designed to be played with**
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "block" in this sentence is:1) **a solid piece of something (usually having
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "tossed" in this sentence is **4) move or stir about violently**. Here
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "library" in this sentence is **5) a building that houses a collection of books and other
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this sentence is **2) hit against; come into sudden contact with**.
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "endless" in this sentence is:**3) having no known beginning and presumably no end
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in this sentence is **2) an indefinitely short time**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "wondering" in this sentence is:1) **have a wish or desire to know
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "windows" in this sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal that contains a
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "buckle" in this sentence is:**2) fold or collapse** The sentence
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "shower" in this sentence is **2) spray or sprinkle with**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "glass" in this sentence is:1) a brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "books" in this sentence is:**2) physical objects consisting of a number of pages
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "fell" in this sentence is:**23) lose an upright position suddenly**
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "paint" in this sentence is:1) a substance used as a coating to protect or
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "shop" in this sentence is:2) small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "fire" in this sentence is:**3) the process of combustion of inflammable materials
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "sent" in this sentence is:**2) to cause or order to be taken,
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "cloud" in this sentence is:1) **any collection of particles (e.g
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "black" in this sentence is:**1) being of the achromatic color of maximum
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for "smoke" in this sentence is:2) a hot vapor containing fine particles of carbon being
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "air" in this sentence is:**5) the mass of air surrounding the Earth**
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "fine" in the sentence "My younger daughter and I are fine" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof and walls and
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "shook" in this sentence is:**2) move with or as if with a
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "like hell" in this sentence is:1) **with great speed or effort or intensity
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in this sentence is:**2) continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "getting" in this sentence is:**2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "exploding" in this sentence is:**1) cause to burst with a violent release
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "burning" in this sentence is **3) undergo combustion**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **8) an entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "peaceful" in this sentence is:1) **not disturbed by strife or turmoil or war
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "lot" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "car" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "alarms" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:**
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "went off" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:**
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "cats" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "fine" in this sentence is:1) **being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition**
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "nervous" in this sentence is **2) causing or fraught with or showing anxiety**.
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable definition for "fire" in this sentence is:**3) the process of combustion of inflammable materials
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "fill" in this sentence is:2) any material that fills a space or container
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "liquefy" in this sentence is:**1) become liquid** Here
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition of "able" in this sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to') having the
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "walk" in this sentence is:**4) traverse or cover by walking**
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "window" in this sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal that contains a
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "floor" in this sentence is:**2) a structure consisting of a room or set
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "street" in this sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks) that
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is **4) height above ground**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "house" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is:
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "ground" in this sentence is:1) **the solid part of the earth's
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "driving" in this sentence is:**16) proceed along in a vehicle**
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in this sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling The
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in this sentence is:**1) come to a halt, stop moving**
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "red light" in this context is:2) the signal to stop The sentence
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "corner" in this sentence is **4) the intersection of two streets**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this sentence is **2) hit against; come into sudden contact with**.
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "watching" in this sentence is **3) see or watch**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "waving" in this sentence is **2) move or swing back and forth**.
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "head" in this sentence is:**7) the top of something** The
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**6) any artifact consisting of a road or path
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable definition for "drive" in this sentence is:**2) travel or be transported in a vehicle**
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The correct definition of "ft." in this context is:2) a linear unit of length equal to 12
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "pier" in this sentence is:1) a platform built out from the shore into the
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "dramatic" in this sentence is **2) sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect**.
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for "hairline" in this sentence is:1) a very thin line The sentence
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "cracks" in this sentence is:**7) a blemish resulting from a break without
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "ruined" in the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!" is:**2)
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "damn" in this sentence is:**1) used as expletives**
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position in space
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "floor" in this sentence is:**2) a structure consisting of a room or set
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "heard" in this sentence is:1) **perceive (sound) via the auditory
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "parts" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof and walls and
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "head" in this sentence is:**7) the top of something** The
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "cracking" in this sentence is:**1) become fractured; break or crack on
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is:**2
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "die" in the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "decide" in this sentence is:1) **reach, make, or come to a
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "come" in this sentence is:**1) move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for "home" in this sentence is **2) housing that someone is living in**. Here
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:**1) a dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable definition for "stilts" in this sentence is:1) a column of wood or steel or concrete
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "decided" in the sentence "I decided to brave the storm" is:1) **
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "smell" in this sentence is:1) **the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for "gas" in this sentence is **3) a volatile flammable mixture of hydrocarbons (hexane and he
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in this sentence is:**2) move past** The sentence describes
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "crossing" in this sentence is:1) **travel across or pass over**
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in this sentence is:**1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "clouds" in this sentence is:2) a visible mass of water or ice particles suspended
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "bay" in this sentence is:1) an indentation of a shoreline larger than a cove
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable definition for "fire" in this sentence is:**1) the event of something burning (often destructive
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the sentence "I have felt many aftershocks" is:**3
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "back" in this sentence is:1) the posterior part of a human (or animal
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable definition for "hands" in this sentence is:1) the (prehensile) extremity of the superior
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in this sentence is:**2) move with or as if with a tremor
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in this sentence is:**2) expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "body" in this sentence is:1) **the entire structure of an organism (an
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in this sentence is:2) move with or as if with a tremor
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in this sentence is:**1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:1) **a dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "bay" in this sentence is:1) an indentation of a shoreline larger than a cove
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "hard" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is:
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "believe" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is:
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable definition for "happening" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof and walls and
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "corner" in this sentence is **3) an interior angle formed by two meeting walls**.
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this sentence is **2) suffer or be susceptible to damage**. Here
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable definition for "old" in this sentence is:1) **(used especially of persons) having lived
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "lady" in this sentence is **1) a polite name for any woman**. Here
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for "old" in this sentence is:1) **(used especially of persons) having lived
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "mother" in this sentence is:1) a woman who has given birth to a child
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "books" in the sentence "Books and software everywhere" is:**2) physical objects
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable definition for "typed" in this sentence is:1) write by means of a keyboard with types
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable definition for "standing" in this sentence is:5) (of persons) on the feet; having
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "position" in the sentence "This being typed in a standing position" is:**4
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for "feel" in this sentence is **3) perceive by a physical sensation, e.g.,
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this sentence is:**8) an entity that is not named specifically**
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this sentence is:**2) notice or perceive** The sentence
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable definition for "strange" in this sentence is:1) **being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable definition for "bird" in this sentence is:1) warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrates characterized by
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in this sentence is:**1) manner of acting or controlling yourself**
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable definition for "Duck" in the sentence "Duck swarms" is:1) small wild or domesticated web
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "swarms" in the sentence "Duck swarms" is:2) a group of many
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this sentence is:**3) perceive by a physical sensation, e.
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in this sentence is:1) 1/60 of a minute;
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "numb" in the sentence "I'm just numb" is:**1) lacking
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable definition for "town" in this sentence is:1) an urban area with a fixed boundary that is
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable definition for "phones" in this context is:1) electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals that
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "mess" in this sentence is:1) **a state of confusion and disorderliness**
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable definition for "wine" in this sentence is:1) fermented juice (of grapes especially)
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable definition for "floors" in this sentence is:**1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as of
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable definition for "big" in this sentence is:1) **above average in size or number or quantity
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable definition for "old" in this sentence is **2) of long duration; not new**. Here
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "quivers" in this sentence is **2) a shaky motion**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:1) **a dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in this sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable definition for "unpredictable" in this sentence is:**3) not occurring at expected times**
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "intervals" in this sentence is:1) a definite length of time marked off by two
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable definition of "mouse" in this sentence is:1) any of numerous small rodents typically resembling diminutive rats
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for "living" in this sentence is:1) **inhabit or live in; be an
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this sentence is:**34) have with oneself; have on one
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable definition for "refuge" in this sentence is:**3) a shelter from danger or hardship**
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable definition for "distressed" in this sentence is **4) afflicted with or marked by anxious uneasiness or trouble
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "rolled" in this sentence is **13) move, rock, or sway from side to
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "town" in this sentence is:1) an urban area with a fixed boundary that is
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **8) an entity that is not named specifically**.
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is:**2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "ran" in this sentence is:**2) flee; take to one's heels
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "door" in this sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding barrier that will close the
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for "spent" in this sentence is **1) pass time in a specific way**. Here
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is:1) immediately following in time or order The
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in this sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable definition for "watching" in this sentence is **3) see or watch**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable definition of "brick" in this sentence is:1) rectangular block of clay baked by the sun or
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable definition for "feet" in this sentence is:1) the part of the leg of a human being
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable definition for "flowers" in this sentence is:1) **a plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable definition for "waving" in this sentence is **2) move or swing back and forth**.
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable definition of "rhythm" in this sentence is:**2) recurring at regular intervals** Here
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable definition for "amazing" in this sentence is:**1) surprising greatly** The sentence highlights
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable definition for "does" in this sentence is:**5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	The most suitable definition for "one" in this sentence is:2) a single person or thing The sentence
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	The most suitable definition for "one" in this sentence is:2) a single person or thing The sentence
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable definition for "looked" in this sentence is:**2) give a certain impression or have a certain
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable definition for "calm" in this sentence is:1) **not agitated; without losing self-possession
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable definition for "surreal" in this context is:**2) resembling a dream** Here
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable definition for "low" in this sentence is:1) **less than normal in degree or intensity or
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is:**1) a position on a scale of intensity or
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for "confusion" in this sentence is:**2) a mental state characterized by a lack of
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable definition for "continued" in this sentence is:**7) continue after an interruption** Here
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "seems" in this sentence is:**2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for "night" in this sentence is:1) **the time after sunset and before sunrise while
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable definition for "doing" in this sentence is:**2) carry out or perform an action**
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable definition for "sound" in this sentence is:1) **the particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for "lights" in this context is:**2) any device serving as a source of illumination
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "friend" in this sentence is:1) a person you know well and regard with affection
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for "underground" in this sentence is:1) **under the level of the ground**
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable definition for "computer" in this sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations automatically The
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable definition for "center" in this sentence is:**3) a building dedicated to a particular activity**
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this sentence is:**5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in this sentence is **1) express in words**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "computers" in this sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations automatically The
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable definition for "sliding" in this sentence is:**3) move smoothly along a surface**
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable definition for "floor" in this sentence is:**1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as of
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable definition for "Today" in this sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (as
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable definition for "realize" in this sentence is:1) **be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "hard" in this sentence is:**1) not easy; requiring great physical or mental
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable definition for "life" in this sentence is:**2) the experience of being alive; the course
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is:**5) reach a destination; arrive by movement or
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable definition of "home" in this sentence is:**1) where you live at a particular time**
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable definition for "let" in this sentence is:**1) make it possible through a specific action or
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:1) **a dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this sentence is:**2) notice or perceive** The sentence
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable definition for "sounds" in this sentence is:1) **the particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable definition for "head" in this sentence is:**7) the top of something** The
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable definition for "walking" in this sentence is:**4) traverse or cover by walking**
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	The most suitable definition for "roof" in this sentence is:1) a protective covering that covers or forms the top
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this sentence is:**2) notice or perceive** The sentence
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable definition for "car" in this sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable definition for "bouncing" in this sentence is:**3) move up and down repeatedly**
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable definition for "realized" in this sentence is:1) **be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable definition for "happening" in this sentence is:**2) happen, occur, or be the
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	All three definitions could technically fit the context of the sentence, but the most suitable one is:**1) utter a
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:**1) a dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in this sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding barrier that will close the
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable definition of "feet" in this sentence is **2) a linear unit of length equal to 12
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable definition of "dogs" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable definition for "came" in this sentence is:**1) move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable definition of "dog" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable definition for "stood" in this sentence is **3) occupy a place or location, also metaphorically**.
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable definition for "watching" in this sentence is **4) observe with attention**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable definition for "outside" in this sentence is:**1) relating to or being on or near the
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable definition for "dance" in this context is **3) skip, leap, or move up and down or
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable definition for "realized" in this sentence is:1) **be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable definition for "went" in this sentence is:**1) change location; move, travel, or
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable definition for "stood" in this sentence is:**1) be standing; be upright**
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:1) **a dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in this sentence is:1) **stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	The most suitable definition for "praying" in this sentence is:**2) call upon in supplication; entreat
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable definition for "come" in this sentence is:**2) reach a destination; arrive by movement or
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable definition for "home" in this sentence is **7) an environment offering affection and security**. Here
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable definition for "got" in this sentence is:**5) reach a destination; arrive by movement or
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable definition for "life" in the sentence "Never in my life have I been so frightened" is:
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable definition for "saw" in this sentence is:**1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable definition for "pictures" in this sentence is:**10) a representation of a person or scene
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable definition for "began" in this sentence is **6) have a beginning, of a temporal event**.
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable definition for "cry" in this sentence is:2) shed tears because of sadness, rage, or
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this sentence is:1) the latter part of the day (the period
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable definition for "walking around" in this sentence is **1) walk with no particular goal**. Here
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable definition for "drinking" in this context is **2) consume alcohol**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable definition for "sitting down" in this sentence is **1) take a seat**. Here's
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable definition for "meet" in this sentence is:**2) get together socially or for a specific purpose
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "clients" in this sentence is:2) someone who pays for goods or services
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this sentence is:1) **a pair who associate with one another**
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable definition for "building" in this sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof and walls and
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable definition for "started" in this sentence is **2) set in motion, cause to start**.
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in this sentence is:**2) move with or as if with a tremor
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable definition for "flimsy" in this sentence is:1) **lacking solidity or strength**
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable definition for "structure" in this sentence is:1) **a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable definition for "built" in this sentence is:**6) give form to, according to a plan
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable definition for "supports" in this sentence is:**7) supporting structure that holds up or provides a
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable definition for "rocking" in this sentence is:1) **move back and forth or sideways**
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in this sentence is **1) come to a halt, stop moving**.
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable definition for "breathing" in this sentence is:1) **draw air into, and expel out of
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable definition for "moment" in this sentence is:**2) an indefinitely short time** The
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in this sentence is:**2) continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable definition for "coming" in this sentence is:**1) move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this sentence is **3) express a supposition**. Here's why
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable definition for "session" in this sentence is:**3) a meeting devoted to a particular activity**
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable definition of "trouble" in this sentence is:**3) an event causing distress or pain**
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable definition for "family" in this sentence is **1) a social unit living together**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	The most suitable definition for "spent" in this sentence is **1) pass time in a specific way**. Here
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable definition for "hour" in this sentence is:1) a period of time equal to 1/
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable definition for "knowing" in this sentence is:**1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable definition for "started" in this sentence is **2) set in motion, cause to start**.
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable definition for "rolling" in this sentence is:**11) move in a wavy pattern or with
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable definition for "ocean" in this sentence is:1) a large body of water constituting a principal part
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable definition for "waves" in this sentence is:1) one of a series of ridges that moves across
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable definition for "ran" in this sentence is:**1) move fast by using one's feet
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:**1) a dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable definition for "get" in this sentence is:**5) reach a destination; arrive by movement or
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is:1) immediately following in time or order The
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in this sentence is:**2) a small earthquake** Here
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable definition for "threw" in this sentence is:**1) propel through the air** The
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable definition of "air" in this sentence is:**2) the region above the ground**
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable definition for "bounced" in this sentence is:1) **spring back; spring away from an
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable definition of "tried" in this sentence is:1) **make an effort or attempt**
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable definition of "fine" in this sentence is:1) **being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition**
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable definition for "full" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:**1) containing
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable definition for "crystal" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:**5) glassware
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable definition for "books" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room" is:**2
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable definition for "tapes" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room" is:2)
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	The most suitable definition for "room" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this sentence is **8) any attribute or quality considered as having its own existence
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:**1) a dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable definition for "structure" in this sentence is:**1) a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable definition of "fine" in this sentence is:1) **being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition**
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable definition for "standing" in this sentence is:**3) occupy a place or location, also metaphor
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in this sentence is:1) **stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in this sentence is:2) a small earthquake Here's
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this sentence is:**2) notice or perceive** The sentence
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable definition for "emerging" in this sentence is:**4) come up to the surface of or
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable definition for "ground" in this sentence is:**1) the solid part of the earth's
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable definition for "amazing" in this sentence is:**1) surprising greatly** The sentence expresses
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is:**1) 1/60 of a minute
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable definition for "change" in this sentence is **3) become different in some particular way, without permanently losing
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable definition for "life" in this sentence is **2) the experience of being alive; the course of human
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable definition for "guess" in this sentence is:1) **expect, believe, or suppose**
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable definition for "living" in this sentence is:**1) inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable definition for "waiting" in this sentence is:1) **stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable definition for "hard" in this sentence is:1) **not easy; requiring great physical or mental
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable definition for "accept" in this sentence is **7) tolerate or accommodate oneself to**. Here'
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable definition for "took" in this sentence is:**2) require (time or space)**
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in this sentence is:1) 1/60 of a minute;
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable definition for "wonder" in the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to relax" is:
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable definition for "able" in the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to relax" is:
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable definition for "relax" in the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to relax" is:
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable definition for "flesh" in this sentence is:1) the soft tissue of the body of a vertebrate
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable definition for "goes" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight" is:
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable definition for "flight" in this sentence is:4) the act of escaping physically The sentence
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable definition for "fight" in this sentence is **2) the act of fighting; any contest or struggle**.
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	The most suitable definition for "Nausea" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable definition for "seems" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom" is:**2)
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable definition for "commonplace" in this sentence is:1) **completely ordinary and unremarkable**
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable definition for "symptom" in this context is:1) **(medicine) any sensation or change
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable definition for "quiet" in the sentence "Berkeley very quiet right now" is:**2) free
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable definition for "walked" in this sentence is:**4) traverse or cover by walking**
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in this sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable definition for "morning" in this sentence is:1) the time period between dawn and noon
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable definition for "next" in this sentence is:**2) nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable definition for "bundled" in this sentence is:**2) gather or cause to gather into a cluster
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The most suitable definition for "blue" in this context is **3) filled with melancholy and despondency**. Here
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable definition for "sat up" in this sentence is:2) change to an upright sitting position
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is **8) utter aloud**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable definition for "smiled" in this context is:1) **change one's facial expression by
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is **8) utter aloud**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable definition for "great" in this context is **4) very good**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable definition for "alive" in this context is **1) possessing life**. Here's why:
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable definition for "agreed" in the sentence "I agreed" is:**2) consent or assent to
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "group" in the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to reduce emissions" is:
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "plan" in this sentence is:1) a series of steps to be carried out or
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in this context is:2) a substance that is emitted or released
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "climate" in this sentence is:1) the weather in some location averaged over some long
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "focus" in this sentence is:1) **the concentration of attention or energy on something
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is:1) **writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "reductions" in this context is:1) the act of decreasing or reducing something
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is:1) **a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this context is:2) weight to be borne or conveyed Here
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition of "term" in this context is:2) a limited period of time The sentence
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "text" in this sentence is:**1) the words of something written**
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "basis" in this sentence is:**1) a relation that provides the foundation for something
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	Both definitions are very close in meaning and could be considered suitable. However, definition **2) an obstruction that stands
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "path" in this sentence is:**3) an established line of travel or access**
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "advance" in this sentence is:**2) a change for the better; progress in
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	Both definitions 1) and 2) accurately describe the meaning of "negotiation" in the given sentence.
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **2) a period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "leaders" in this context is:1) **a person who rules or guides or inspires
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "week" in this context is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "text" in this sentence is:**1) the words of something written**
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "money" in this context is **1) the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is:**2) a single person or thing**
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "term" in this sentence is:2) a limited period of time The sentence
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "range" in this sentence is:**6) a variety of different things or activities**
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "options" in this sentence is:2) one of a number of things from which only
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "questions" in this context is **2) the subject matter at issue**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "upper limit" in this context is:**1) the largest possible quantity**
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "temperature" in this context is:1) the degree of hotness or coldness of a
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition of "rise" in this context is:**2) the act of changing location in an upward
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "lot" in this sentence is:1) **(often followed by `of') a
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "flexibility" in this context is:2) the quality of being adaptable or variable
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "process" in this sentence is:1) **a particular course of action intended to achieve
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "Washington" in this sentence is:1) the capital of the United States in the District
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "representative" in this context is:**2) an advocate who represents someone else's
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is:1) **writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "negotiation" in this context is:**1) a discussion intended to produce an agreement
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "text" in this sentence is:**4) the main body of a written work (
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable definition of "climate" in this context is:1) the weather in some location averaged over some long
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "official" in this context is:1) **a worker who holds or is invested with
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "picture" in this context is **3) a clear and telling mental image**. Here
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "outlines" in this sentence is:**3) a schematic or preliminary plan**
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "deal" in this sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in this context is:2) **a substance that is emitted or released**
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this sentence is:**1) a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "period" in this sentence is:1) **an amount of time** The
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in this context is:2) **a substance that is emitted or released**
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) **a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this sentence is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition of "flood" in this context is:1) the rising of a body of water and its
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "drought" in this context is:**2) a prolonged shortage** The
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "sort" in this sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "week" in this sentence is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "climate" in this sentence is:1) the weather in some location averaged over some long
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "envoy" in this sentence is:**2) someone sent on a mission to represent the
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in this sentence is **19) the act of reducing the amount or number**.
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in this context is:2) **a substance that is emitted or released**
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is:**2) a single person or thing**
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "move" in this sentence is:**1) the act of deciding to do something**
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable definition of "China" in this sentence is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The correct answer is **2) the executive under President George W. Bush**. Here's why:*
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "officials" in this sentence is:1) **a worker who holds or is invested
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "deal" in this sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "text" in this sentence is:**1) the words of something written**
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in this context is **19) the act of reducing the amount or number**.
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "observers" in this context is:**2) an expert who observes and comments on something
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "comments" in this sentence is:1) **a statement that expresses a personal opinion or
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition of "hour" in this sentence is:1) a period of time equal to 1/
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "America" in this sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "climate" in this sentence is:1) the weather in some location averaged over some long
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "week" in this context is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable definition of "China" in this context is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "world" in this sentence is **5) people in general considered as a whole**.
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "battle" in this sentence is **2) an energetic attempt to achieve something**. Here
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "economies" in this sentence is:1) **the system of production and distribution and
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition of "China" in this context is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "obligations" in this context is:**2) the state of being obligated to do
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "nations" in this sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a single
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "world" in this sentence is:**5) people in general considered as a whole**
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "imperative" in this sentence is:2) some duty that is essential and urgent
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "costs" in this sentence is:**3) value measured by what must be given or
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this context is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition of "game" in this context is **8) (games) a secret scheme to do something (
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "Central America" in this context is:**2) the nations of Central America collectively**
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition of "impact" in this sentence is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "participants" in this context is:1) **someone who takes part in an activity**
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "draft" in this sentence is:5) any of the various versions in the development of
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "proposal" in this context is:1) something proposed (such as a plan or assumption
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "morning" in this sentence is:1) the time period between dawn and noon
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "climate" in this context is:1) the weather in some location averaged over some long
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "negotiations" in this context is:**1) a discussion intended to produce an agreement
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "behalf" in this sentence is:1) as the agent of or on someone'
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition of "pressure" in this context is:**2) a force that compels** Here
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "process" in this sentence is:1) **a particular course of action intended to achieve
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "action" in this context is:**1) something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable definition of "China" in this context is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "urgency" in this sentence is:**2) pressing importance requiring speedy action**
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this sentence is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "issues" in this sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute and must
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "officials" in this sentence is:1) **a worker who holds or is invested
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "minister" in this context is:**2) a person appointed to a high office in
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "planes" in this sentence is:1) an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "halls" in this sentence is:1) **an interior passage or corridor onto which
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in this context is:1) **a formally arranged gathering** Here
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is:**3) demand for something as rightful or due**
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "week" in this context is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "gathering" in this sentence is:1) **a group of persons together in one place
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "day" in this context is:1) **time for Earth to make a complete rotation
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "shows" in this context is:1) **the act of publicly exhibiting or entertaining**
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition of "draft" in this context is:**5) any of the various versions in the development
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "proposals" in this context is:1) something proposed (such as a plan or assumption
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "paper" in this context is **4) a medium for written communication**. Here'
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition of "challenge" in this context is:1) **a demanding or stimulating situation**
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "intensity" in this sentence is:**2) high level or degree; the property of
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "ministers" in this context is:2) a person appointed to a high office in
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this context is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "heavyweights" in the sentence "The heavyweights are coming" is:**5)
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "Israel" in the sentence "Baskonia gives away a victory in Israel" is:
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "losses" in this context is **4) the disadvantage that results from losing something**.
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "performance" in this sentence is:**3) the act of performing; of doing something
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "points" in this sentence is:**10) the unit of counting in scoring a
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "top" in this sentence is:**5) the highest level or degree attainable; the
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "group" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "absences" in this context is:**2) failure to be present**
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "involvement" in this sentence is:1) the act of sharing in the activities of
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition of "end" in this context is **2) the point in time at which something ends**.
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "sidelines" in this sentence is:1) a line that marks the side boundary
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable definition of "lot" in this sentence is:1) **(often followed by `of') a
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "triumph" in this sentence is:1) **a successful ending of a struggle or contest
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "favor" in this sentence is:2) an advantage to the benefit of someone or something
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "baskets" in this sentence is:4) a score in basketball made by throwing the ball
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "perimeter" in this sentence is:**1) the boundary line or the area immediately inside
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "speculation" in this sentence is:**2) a hypothesis that has been formed by
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "scorers" in this sentence is:1) a player who makes a score in a
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "end" in this sentence is **2) the point in time at which something ends**.
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "quarter" in this sentence is:**3) (football, professional basketball) one of
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition of "work" in this context is:1) **activity directed toward making or doing something**
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "whistles" in this context is:**2) the act of signalling (e
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "return" in this sentence is:**2) a coming to or returning home**
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition of "home" in this context is **3) the country or state or city where you live**.
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "lead" in this sentence is:7) (sports) the score by which a team
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "points" in this sentence is:**10) the unit of counting in scoring a
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "points" in this sentence is:**10) the unit of counting in scoring a
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "night" in this sentence is:**1) the time after sunset and before sunrise while
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable definition of "pressure" in this context is **2) a force that compels**. Here's
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "role" in this sentence is:1) **the actions and activities assigned to or required
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "couple" in this sentence is:**3) a small indefinite number** Here
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "plays" in this context is:**3) a preset plan of action in team sports
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "help" in this context is:1) the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable definition of "lead" in this sentence is:7) (sports) the score by which a team
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "end" in this sentence is:**2) the point in time at which something ends
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable definition of "quarter" in this context is:**3) (football, professional basketball) one of
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in this context is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "line" in this sentence is:**20) in games or sports; a mark
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition of "time" in this sentence is:**3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "season" in this context is **1) a period of the year marked by special events or
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Wall Street" in this context is:**1) a street in lower Manhattan where the
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition in this context is **1) the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to 100
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "heading" in this context is:1) a line of text serving to indicate what the
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "market" in this sentence is **4) the securities markets in the aggregate**. Here
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "indicators" in this context is:1) a number or ratio (a value on a
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "dollar" in this context is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "figures" in this context is:**7) an amount of money expressed numerically**
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "predominance" in this context is:1) **the state of being predominant over
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "market" in this sentence is:1) **the world of commercial activity where goods and
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "volumes" in this sentence is:**5) a relative amount** Here'
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) a special set of circumstances**. Here'
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in this sentence is:**2) the point in time at which something ends
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "trend" in this sentence is:**1) a general direction in which something tends to
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "publication" in this context is **3) the communication of something to the public; making information
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "indicators" in this sentence is:1) a number or ratio (a value on a
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "market" in this sentence is:**1) the world of commercial activity where goods and
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "relation" in this sentence is:**6) (usually plural) mutual dealings or connections
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "recovery" in this context is:**1) return to an original state**
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in this context is:**2) an expert who studies financial data (
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "month" in this sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition of "row" in this sentence is:**6) a continuous chronological succession without an interruption**
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "confidence" in this sentence is:**3) a state of confident hopefulness that events
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "month" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "estimates" in this sentence is:1) an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "index" in this sentence is:2) a number or ratio (a value on a
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "indices" in this sentence is:2) a number or ratio (a value on a
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "rise" in this context is **2) the act of changing location in an upward direction**.
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition of "dollar" in this context is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "high" in this context is:1) **a lofty level or position or degree**
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable definition of "pressure" in this context is:**2) a force that compels** Here
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this sentence is:2) a social group that forms part of the society
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "situation" in this context is:**1) the general state of things; the combination
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "securities" in this context is:4) a formal declaration that documents a fact
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ground" in this sentence is **4) a relation that provides the foundation for something**.
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "Treasury" in this sentence is:**3) negotiable debt obligations of the United States government
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "bond" in this sentence is:2) a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "yields" in this context is:**2) the income or profit arising from such transactions
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this context is:1) the latter part of the day (the period
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "bond" in this sentence is:2) a certificate of debt (usually interest-bearing
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "yields" in this context is:**2) the income or profit arising from such transactions
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "evening" in this context is:1) the latter part of the day (the period
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "deals" in this sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in this sentence is:**4) something or someone that causes anxiety; a
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "violence" in this context is:**3) a turbulent state resulting in injuries and destruction
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "instability" in this context is:**3) a lack of balance or state of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "government" in this sentence is:1) **the organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "auctions" in this sentence is:2) the public sale of something to the highest
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "deals" in this sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "China" in this sentence is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "Russia" in this context is **4) a federation in northeastern Europe and northern Asia; formerly
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "oil" in this context is:3) a dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable definition of "role" in this sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or required or
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The most suitable definition for "decades" in this sentence is:1) a period of 10 years
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "war" in this context is:1) **the waging of armed conflict against an
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable definition for "sanctions" in this context is:**2) a mechanism of social control for enforcing
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable definition of "stakes" in this sentence is:1) (law) a right or legal share of
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in this sentence is **14) a geographic region (land or sea) under
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "auction" in this sentence is:2) the public sale of something to the highest bidder
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "bid" in this sentence is:3) a formal proposal to buy at a specified price
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "deals" in this sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in this sentence is **14) a geographic region (land or sea) under
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "representation" in this sentence is:**3) the act of representing; standing in for
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "oil" in this sentence is:3) a dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbons
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "giants" in this sentence is:**3) an unusually large enterprise**
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in this sentence is:**1) someone who is skilled at analyzing data
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in this context is **3) anything providing a means of access (or escape)**
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "war" in this context is:1) **the waging of armed conflict against an
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:**2) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "editor" in this context is:1) a person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition for "news" in this context is:1) **information about recent and important events**
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable definition for "outlet" in this context is:1) **a place of business for retailing goods**
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in this sentence is:**4) something or someone that causes anxiety; a
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable definition of "security" in this context is:**9) measures taken as a precaution against theft or
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "bombings" in this context is:**1) an attack by dropping bombs**
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "instability" in this context is:**3) a lack of balance or state of
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:**2) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "world" in this sentence is:**5) people in general considered as a whole**
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in this context is:**1) someone who is skilled at analyzing data
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this sentence is:2) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this sentence is:**2) a special set of circumstances**
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "government" in this sentence is:1) **the organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable definition of "energy" in this context is:6) any source of usable power Here'
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "deals" in this sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "ministry" in this sentence is:**3) a government department under the direction of
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:2) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "ties" in this sentence is:2) a social or business relationship The sentence
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) **a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in this sentence is:1) **a binding agreement between two or more persons
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "bid" in this context is:1) **propose a payment** Here
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in this sentence is:1) **a binding agreement between two or more persons
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable definition of "stakes" in this context is:1) (law) a right or legal share of
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in this sentence is:1) **a binding agreement between two or more persons
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "fields" in this context is **14) a geographic region (land or sea) under
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable definition of "China" in this sentence is:1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "power" in this context is:**1) possession of controlling influence** Here
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "company" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "par" in this sentence is:2) a state of being essentially equal or equivalent;
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "commitments" in this sentence is:**2) the act of binding yourself (intel
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Companies" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "bids" in this sentence is:3) a formal proposal to buy at a specified price
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "offers" in this sentence is:2) something offered (as a proposal or bid)
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "barrel" in this context is **4) the quantity that a barrel (of any size)
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "fee" in this context is:1) a fixed charge for a privilege or for professional
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "ministry" in this sentence is:**3) a government department under the direction of
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "output" in this sentence is:**4) the quantity of something (as a commodity
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this sentence is:**3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "field" in this sentence is **14) a geographic region (land or sea) under
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:2) a financial
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "state" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:**1) the
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "support" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:**11)
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable definition of "state" in this context is **4) a politically organized body of people under a single government
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "shackles" in this sentence is:1) a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "support" in this sentence is:**11) financial resources provided to make some project
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "bank" in this sentence is:**2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "protection" in this context is:**3) defense against financial failure; financial independence**
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "fund" in this sentence is:1) **a reserve of money set aside for some
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "amount" in this sentence is:**3) how much there is or how many there
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this sentence is:**1) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "broadcaster" in this sentence is:1) someone who broadcasts on radio or television
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "state" in this context is:**4) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable definition of "support" in this context is:**11) financial resources provided to make some project
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "institutions" in this sentence is:1) **an organization founded and united for a specific
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "restrictions" in this sentence is:**2) an act of limiting or restricting (as
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "acceptance" in this sentence is **4) (contract law) words signifying consent to the terms
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "money" in this context is **1) the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "limits" in this sentence is:**6) the greatest amount of something that is possible
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "manager" in this context is:1) **someone who controls resources and expenditures**
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "bonuses" in this context is:2) an additional payment (or other remuneration)
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "charges" in this sentence is:**3) the price charged for some article or service
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "loans" in this sentence is:1) the temporary provision of money (usually at interest
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "rest" in this sentence is:1) something left after other parts have been taken away
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "amount" in this sentence is **3) how much there is or how many there are of
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "sale" in this sentence is:**5) an agreement (or contract) in which
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "Bank" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "bank" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "height" in this sentence is:2) the highest level or degree attainable; the highest
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "crisis" in this sentence is:1) an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "investment" in this sentence is:1) the act of investing; laying out money or
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "bank" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The most suitable definition of "cash" in this sentence is:1) money in the form of bills or coins
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "liabilities" in this context is:**2) an obligation to pay money to another
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable definition of "state" in this context is:**4) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "bank" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable definition of "capital" in this context is:**2) wealth in the form of money or property
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is **2) a change resulting in an increase**. Here
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "circles" in this context is:2) an unofficial association of people or groups
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "support" in this sentence is:**11) financial resources provided to make some project
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Appeal" in this context is:**2) attractiveness that interests or pleases or stimulates**
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "rows" in this sentence is:1) an arrangement of objects or people side by side
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this sentence is:**3) a short account of the news**
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "testimony" in this sentence is:**2) an assertion offering firsthand authentication of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "In the end" in this sentence is:**2) as the end result of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "defense" in this sentence is **7) the defendant and his legal advisors collectively**.
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "messages" in this context is:1) a communication (usually brief) that is written
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable definition of "rape" in this context is:3) the crime of forcing a woman to submit to
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is **2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable definition of "beds" in this context is:1) **a piece of furniture that provides a place
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "house" in this sentence is:**12) a building in which something is sheltered
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "members" in this sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "family" in this context is **2) primary social group; parents and children**.
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in this sentence is:**2) the point in time at which something ends
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "judge" in this context is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "imposition" in this context is:**1) the act of imposing something (as
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "jury" in this context is:1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "court" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "filings" in this context is:1) the entering of a legal document into the
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in this context is:3) (law) a legal proceeding in which
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in this sentence is:**3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "courts" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable definition of "use" in this sentence is:1) **the act of using** Here
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "circus" in this sentence is:3) a frenetic disorganized (and often comic)
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "atmosphere" in this sentence is:1) **a particular environment or surrounding influence**
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "details" in this sentence is:**1) an isolated fact that is considered separately from
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "jury" in this sentence is:1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable definition of "passions" in this context is:1) **a strong feeling or emotion**
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "claim" in this sentence is:**1) an assertion of a right (as to
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in this sentence is:3) (law) a legal proceeding in which
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "judges" in this sentence is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "question" in this sentence is **2) the subject matter at issue**. Here'
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:**3) prescribed guide for conduct or action**
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable definition of "danger" in this context is:**1) the condition of being susceptible to harm or
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "inclusion" in this context is **4) the act of including**. Here's
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is:1) a human being The sentence discusses fair
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable definition of "rights" in this context is:1) **an abstract idea of that which is due
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this sentence is:**2) an assertion that something is true or factual
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable definition of "week" in this context is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is:**3) (law) all the means by which
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "jury" in this context is:1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable definition of "passion" in this context is:**4) an irrational but irresistible motive for a belief
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "last word" in this sentence is:1) the final statement in a verbal argument
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "issue" in this sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute and must
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "decades" in this sentence is:1) a period of 10 years
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in this sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "questions" in this sentence is:**4) uncertainty about the truth or factuality
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable definition of "fairness" in this context is:2) **ability to make judgments free from discrimination
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in this context is:2) (criminal law) a final judgment of
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	1) the largest city in Ohio; located in northeastern Ohio on Lake Erie; a major Great Lakes port Cleveland is
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this context is:**2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for "carnival" in this context is:2) a frenetic disorganized (and often comic
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "atmosphere" in this context is:1) **a particular environment or surrounding influence**
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this sentence is:1) (criminal law) an act punishable by law
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "inspiration" in this sentence is:1) **arousal of the mind to special unusual
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "conviction" in this sentence is:2) (criminal law) a final judgment of
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "half" in this sentence is:1) **one of two equal parts of a divisible
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "century" in this sentence is:1) a period of 100 years
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable definition of "argument" in this context is:**3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:**3) prescribed guide for conduct or action**
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "ways" in this sentence is:**1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in this context is:**5) a justification for something existing or happening**
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable definition of "concern" in this context is:**2) an anxious feeling** Here'
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this sentence is:**2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect**
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "trials" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "Connecticut" in this sentence is:1) a New England state; one of the original
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in this sentence is:3) (law) a legal proceeding in which
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "judges" in this sentence is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing you
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "communication" in this sentence is:1) **the activity of communicating; the activity of
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "trials" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "issue" in this sentence is:1) **an important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) **a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable definition of "execution" in this context is:1) **putting a condemned person to death**
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "Judge" in this context is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "reactions" in this sentence is:**5) a response that reveals a person's
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "victims" in this sentence is:1) an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "judge" in this context is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "pressure" in this context is:**2) a force that compels** Here
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this context is:**2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "jury" in this context is:1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in this sentence is:**3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "effect" in this sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in this sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this sentence is:**3) the power of attracting or holding one'
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in this sentence is:**4) a formal objection to the selection of a
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "month" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "news" in this sentence is:1) **information about recent and important events**
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	1) a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies Let me know if you have any other
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "election" in this sentence is:1) a vote to select the winner of a position
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for "campaign" in this sentence is:**1) a race between candidates for elective office**
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this sentence is:1) **a politician who is running for public office
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) a special set of circumstances**. Here'
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "courthouse" in this sentence is:**2) a building that houses judicial courts**
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "focus" in this sentence is:1) **the concentration of attention or energy on something
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in this sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in this sentence is:1) the questioning of a person (or a
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "journalists" in this sentence is:1) a writer for newspapers and magazines
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "claim" in this sentence is:**2) an assertion that something is true or factual
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "news" in this sentence is:1) **information about recent and important events**
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this sentence is:**3) a short account of the news**
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable definition of "view" in this sentence is:**1) a way of regarding situations or topics etc
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable definition of "court" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable definition of "coverage" in this sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "trials" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in this sentence is:**3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "changes" in this sentence is:**2) a relational difference between states; especially between
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "adaptation" in this sentence is:2) the process of adapting to something (such as
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "courts" in this sentence is:1) **an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "claim" in this sentence is:**3) demand for something as rightful or due**
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "filing" in this context is:1) the entering of a legal document into the
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "Supreme Court" in this context is:1) the highest federal court in the United States
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this context is:**2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in this sentence is:2) (criminal law) a final judgment of
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person'
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable definition of "coverage" in this sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:**3) prescribed guide for conduct or action**
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) a special set of circumstances**. Here'
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "century" in this context is:1) a period of 100 years
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "fraud" in the context of "Sport and fraud law" is:**1) intentional
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "law" in the phrase "Sport and fraud law" is:**2) legal document
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "tricks" in this sentence is:1) **a cunning or deceitful action or device**
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "will" in this sentence is:2) a fixed and persistent intent or purpose
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "expulsion" in this context is:**3) the act of expelling or projecting
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable definition of "ink" in this context is:1) a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in this context is:**1) manner of acting or controlling yourself**
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "end" in this sentence is:**2) the point in time at which something ends
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **2) a period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	1) (sports) the chief official (as in boxing or American football) who is expected to ensure fair play
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**2) how a result is obtained or an end
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "group" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is **1) a contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "league" in this sentence is:1) an association of sports teams that organizes matches for
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "phase" in this sentence is:1) **any distinct time period in a sequence of
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "committee" in this sentence is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matter;
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable definition of "games" in this context is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "trainer" in this context is:1) one who trains other persons or animals
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "amounts" in this sentence is:**1) a quantity of money** Here
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) **a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "provocation" in this sentence is:**1) unfriendly behavior that causes anger or resentment
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "circumstances" in this sentence is:2) the set of facts or circumstances that surround
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "practice" in this sentence is:1) **a customary way of operation or behavior**
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "world" in this sentence is:**5) people in general considered as a whole**
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	1) any of various games played with a ball (round or oval) in which two teams try to kick or carry or
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:**1) a principle or condition that customarily governs
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "Part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "debate" in this sentence is:1) **a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) a special set of circumstances**. Here'
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this sentence is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "organization" in this sentence is:**3) the persons (or committees or departments etc
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable definition of "nobility" in this context is:**2) the quality of elevation of mind and
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable definition of "honor" in this context is:**3) the quality of being honorable and having a
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) **a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable definition for "acts" in this sentence is:2) something that people do or cause to happen
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for "history" in this context is:**2) a record or narrative description of past events
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "debate" in this sentence is:1) **a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is:1) **a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in this sentence is:**1) manner of acting or controlling yourself**
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "principles" in this sentence is:**1) a basic generalization that is accepted as true
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable definition of "fraud" in this context is:**1) intentional deception resulting in injury to another person
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "regulation" in this sentence is:**1) an authoritative rule** Here'
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "matter" in this sentence is **2) some situation or event that is thought about**.
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is:1) **a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "damage" in this sentence is:1) **the occurrence of a change for the worse
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable definition of "spirit" in this sentence is:**2) the general atmosphere of a place or situation
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in this sentence is:**3) benefit resulting from some event or action**
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in this sentence is **2) the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "integrity" in this context is **2) moral soundness**. Here's why:
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "aspect" in this sentence is:**2) a characteristic to be considered**
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable definition of "danger" in this context is:1) **the condition of being susceptible to harm or
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in this sentence is:**3) benefit resulting from some event or action**
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "takes advantage" in this sentence is **1) draw advantages from**. Here's
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this sentence is **1) a special situation**. Here's why
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "action" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) **a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:**8) directions that define the way a game or
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "action" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	1) (sports) the chief official (as in boxing or American football) who is expected to ensure fair play
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "complaints" in this sentence is:3) an expression of grievance or resentment
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "question" in this sentence is **2) the subject matter at issue**. Here'
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is:1) **a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in this sentence is:**3) benefit resulting from some event or action**
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "situation" in this sentence is:**2) a condition or position in which you find
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "benefit" in this context is:**2) something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **1) a contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "result" in this sentence is:1) **a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "action" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "strategy" in this sentence is:1) an elaborate and systematic plan of action
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable definition of "game" in this sentence is **1) a contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in this sentence is:**1) the quality of having a superior or more
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this sentence is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "phase" in this sentence is:1) **any distinct time period in a sequence of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "Championship" in this sentence is:2) a competition at which a champion is chosen
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "participation" in this sentence is:1) **the act of sharing in the activities of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable definition of "game" in this context is **1) a contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "term" in this sentence is:2) a limited period of time The sentence
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in this context is:**1) the quality of having a superior or more
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "degree" in this context is:1) **a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "change" in this context is **2) a relational difference between states; especially between states before
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "action" in this context is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) **a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is **1) a contest with rules to determine a winner**.
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for "cycle" in this context is:**3) a periodically repeated sequence of events**
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for "suspension" in this context is:**7) a temporary debarment (from a
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable definition for "accumulation" in this context is:**1) an increase by natural growth or addition**
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable definition for "cycle" in this context is:**3) a periodically repeated sequence of events**
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "rounds" in this sentence is:**2) an interval during which a recurring sequence of
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable definition of "advantage" in this context is:1) **the quality of having a superior or more
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in this sentence is:**3) a fundamental emotional and activating principle determining one
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "decisions" in this sentence is:**2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:**8) directions that define the way a game or
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "assumption" in this sentence is:**1) a statement that is assumed to be true
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is **5) an important participant (as in a business deal)**
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable definition of "application" in this sentence is:1) **the act of bringing something to bear;
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) a special set of circumstances**. Here'
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this sentence is:**2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable definition of "law" in this context is **1) the collection of rules imposed by authority**.
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable definition of "fraud" in this context is:**1) intentional deception resulting in injury to another person
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "occasion" in this sentence is **4) the time of a particular event**. Here
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is **2) a special set of circumstances**. Here'
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "factors" in this sentence is:1) **anything that contributes causally to a result
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "expulsions" in this context is:**1) the act of forcing out someone or
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "transmission" in this sentence is:**1) the act of sending a message; causing
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable definition of "damage" in this sentence is:1) **the occurrence of a change for the worse
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "principles" in this sentence is:**2) a rule or standard especially of good behavior
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "possibility" in this sentence is:**2) capability of existing or happening or being true
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "types" in this sentence is:1) **a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this sentence is:1) the act of discovering something The sentence
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "nutrients" in this sentence is:1) **any substance that can be metabolized
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "scope" in this sentence is:1) an area in which something acts or operates or
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "forms" in this sentence is:**2) a category of things distinguished by some common
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun;
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "life" in this sentence is:**11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "possibilities" in this sentence is:**1) a future prospect or potential**
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable definition of "elements" in this sentence is:3) any of the more than 100
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "organism" in the sentence "This organism has dual capability" is:1) a living
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "capability" in the sentence "This organism has dual capability" is:**1) the
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this sentence is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "form" in this context is:**11) a particular mode in which something is
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is **11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms from non
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "edition" in this context is:**3) an issue of a newspaper**
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "journal" in this context is:2) a periodical dedicated to a particular subject
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "elements" in this sentence is:3) any of the more than 100
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "life" in this sentence is **11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms from non
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "carbon" in this sentence is:1) an abundant nonmetallic tetravalent element occurring in
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable definition of "phosphorus" in this context is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "find" in this sentence is:2) the act of discovering something The sentence
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "search" in this context is:1) **the activity of looking thoroughly in order to
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:**11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun;
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:**11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:**11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in this sentence is:**1) a detailed critical inspection** Here
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun;
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "details" in this sentence is:**1) an isolated fact that is considered separately from
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "find" in this sentence is:2) the act of discovering something The sentence
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "speculation" in this sentence is:2) a hypothesis that has been formed by speculating
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "report" in this sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this sentence is **2) something that is discovered**. Here's
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in this context is **2) something that is discovered**. Here's
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "environments" in this context is:**1) the totality of surrounding conditions**
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "organisms" in this context is:1) a living thing that has (or can develop
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "elements" in this context is:3) any of the more than 100
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "set" in this context is:**1) a group of things of the same kind
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "elements" in this context is:3) any of the more than 100
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:**11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable definition for "Space" in this context is:**4) any location outside the Earth's atmosphere
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable definition for "Sciences" in this context is:1) **a particular branch of scientific knowledge**
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "work" in this context is **2) a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	Both definitions 1) and 2) accurately capture the meaning of "substitution" in the given sentence.
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable definition of "element" in this context is:3) any of the more than 100
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable definition of "structure" in this context is:**2) the manner of construction of something and the
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in the sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery" is:**2
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:**1) a detailed critical inspection** Here
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has three
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this sentence is:1) **a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" in this context is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in this sentence is:2) the action or reaction of something (as a
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "result" in this sentence is:1) **a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "organisms" in the sentence is:1) **a living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "hard time" in this sentence is:1) **a difficulty that can be overcome with
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "elements" in this sentence is:**3) any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this context is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "concentrations" in this sentence is:1) the strength of a solution; number of
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "possibility" in this sentence is:**2) capability of existing or happening or being true
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun;
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for "planet" in this context is:**3) any celestial body (other than comets or
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "moon" in this context is:**6) any natural satellite of a planet**
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "idea" in this sentence is:**1) the content of cognition; the main thing
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in this context is:**2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this context is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "example" in this sentence is:**1) an item of information that is typical of
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" in this sentence is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has three allot
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "times" in this sentence is:1) a more or less definite period of time now
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun;
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "ways" in this sentence is:**1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:**11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:**11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "Earth" in this sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun;
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**4) that which concerns a person with regard to
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "routine" in the sentence "The democratic routine" is:1) **an unvarying
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "support" in this sentence is:**2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "backing" in this sentence is:1) the act of providing approval and support
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this sentence is:1) (criminal law) an act punishable by law
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "worry" in this sentence is:1) **something or someone that causes anxiety; a
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	1) the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking country in the world; located in the central and northeastern part of
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "findings" in this sentence is:**3) something that is found**
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "poll" in this sentence is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "poll" in this sentence is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in this sentence is:**2) a relational difference between states; especially between
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "attitude" in this sentence is:1) a complex mental state involving beliefs and feelings and
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in this sentence is **8) an entity that is not named specifically**.
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "results" in this sentence is **3) something that results**. Here's why
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "poll" in this sentence is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "mood" in this sentence is:**1) a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "second" in this sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position in space
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "stability" in this sentence is:**3) the quality of being enduring and free from
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "attitudes" in this sentence is:1) a complex mental state involving beliefs and feelings
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "institutions" in this sentence is:1) **an organization founded and united for a specific
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "support" in this sentence is:**2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "South America" in this context is:**2) the nations of the South American continent
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "table" in this sentence is:1) a set of data arranged in rows and columns
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "support" in this sentence is:**2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "low" in this sentence is:3) a low level or position or degree
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "economy" in this sentence is:1) the system of production and distribution and consumption
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "drop" in this sentence is:3) a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "output" in this sentence is:**4) the quantity of something (as a commodity
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "half" in this sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of a divisible whole
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this sentence is:2) someone who responds The sentence is
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "Brazil" in this sentence is:1) the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) an advocate of democratic principles**. Here's why:
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location of a distribution
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	1) a visual display of information This definition best fits the context of the sentence. The sentence refers to a chart
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this sentence is:2) someone who responds The sentence is
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "democracy" in this context is:**2) a political system in which the supreme power
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "figure" in this sentence is:**3) one of the elements that collectively form a
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is **2) a change resulting in an increase**. Here
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "chart" in this sentence is:1) a visual display of information The sentence
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable definition of "confidence" in this sentence is:**2) a feeling of trust (in someone or
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "Congress" in this sentence is:**3) a national legislative assembly** Here
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "government" in this sentence is:1) **the organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this sentence is:**2) a special set of circumstances**
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "decade" in this sentence is:1) a period of 10 years
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "woes" in this sentence is:1) **misery resulting from affliction**
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "support" in this sentence is:**2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "recession" in this context is:1) the state of the economy declines; a
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "recovery" in this sentence is:**3) the act of regaining or saving something lost
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "safety net" in this sentence is:1) a guarantee of professional or financial security
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "week" in this context is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in this sentence is:**4) the relation between things (or parts of
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "mood" in this sentence is:**2) the prevailing psychological state** Here
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "chart" in this sentence is:1) a visual display of information The sentence
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "Brazil" in this sentence is:1) the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is:**3) the chief executive of a republic**
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "sense" in this sentence is:2) the meaning of a word or expression; the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "progress" in this sentence is:1) **gradual improvement or growth or development**
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable definition of "recession" in this context is:1) the state of the economy declines; a
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this sentence is:1) (criminal law) an act punishable by law
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **1) an instance or single occasion for some event**.
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "polls" in this sentence is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this sentence is:2) someone who responds The sentence is
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "whole" in this sentence is:**1) all of something including all its component elements
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this context is:1) (criminal law) an act punishable by law
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this sentence is:**1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	1) a visual display of information This definition best fits the context of the sentence. The sentence implies that "chart
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "relative" in this sentence is:1) a person related by blood or marriage
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "victims" in this context is:1) an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "crime" in this context is:1) (criminal law) an act punishable by law
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "figure" in this sentence is:**7) an amount of money expressed numerically**
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "support" in this sentence is:**2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is:2) someone who responds The sentence is
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "development" in this context is:**2) a process in which something passes by degrees
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information The sentence
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "system" in this sentence is:**4) a complex of methods or rules governing behavior
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is:2) someone who responds The sentence is
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "view" in this sentence is:**1) a way of regarding situations or topics etc
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is:**3) the chief executive of a republic**
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business The
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "Brazil" in this context is:1) the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "leadership" in this context is **3) the status of a leader**. Here'
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this context is:2) someone who responds The sentence is
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "respondents" in this sentence is:2) someone who responds The sentence is
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "distinction" in this sentence is:**2) high status importance owing to marked superiority
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is:1) **the collection of rules imposed by authority**
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "court" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "day" in this sentence is:**2) some point or period in time**
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "Supreme Court" in this context is:1) the highest federal court in the United States
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "question" in this context is:**2) the subject matter at issue**
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is:**1) the collection of rules imposed by authority**
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this context is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this context is:**2) a party of people assembled to have dinner
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is:**1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "petitions" in this sentence is:1) a formal message requesting something that is submitted
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "review" in this sentence is:**8) (law) a judicial reexamination of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable definition of "suit" in this context is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "states" in this sentence is:1) **the territory occupied by one of the constituent
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "overhaul" in this context is:**2) the act of improving by renewing and
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "Congress" in this sentence is:1) the legislature of the United States government
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is:**1) the collection of rules imposed by authority**
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "rallying cry" in this context is:1) a slogan used to rally support for
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable definition of "suit" in this context is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "hour" in this context is:1) a period of time equal to 1/
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "argument" in this context is:**3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "March" in this context is:1) the month following February and preceding April
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "race" in this context is:3) **people who are believed to belong to the
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "swing" in this context is:1) **a state of steady vigorous action that is
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable definition for "court" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "decision" in this context is:**2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "court" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable definition of "law" in this context is:1) **the collection of rules imposed by authority**
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this context is:2) a party of people assembled to have dinner together
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this context is:2) a party of people assembled to have dinner together
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable definition of "law" in this context is:1) **the collection of rules imposed by authority**
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "sponsor" in this sentence is:1) **someone who supports or champions something**
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "giant" in this sentence is:**3) an unusually large enterprise** Here
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable definition of "stake" in this sentence is:1) (law) a right or legal share of
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this sentence is:1) the main meal of the day served in the
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "Washington" in this sentence is:1) the capital of the United States in the District
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "hours" in this sentence is:1) a period of time equal to 1/
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "court" in this sentence is:1) **an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is:**1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in this sentence is:1) the act of being present (at a meeting
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "Senate" in this context is:**2) the upper house of the United States Congress
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this sentence is:**2) someone who offers opposition** The
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "guests" in this sentence is:1) a visitor to whom hospitality is extended
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this sentence is **2) a party of people assembled to have dinner together**.
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "events" in this sentence is:1) **something that happens at a given place and
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:**2) a prolonged period of time**
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this sentence is:**3) prescribed guide for conduct or action**
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "actions" in this sentence is:1) **something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "code" in this sentence is:1) a set of rules or principles or laws (
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable definition of "judge" in this context is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "events" in this context is:1) something that happens at a given place and time
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "organizations" in this context is:**3) the persons (or committees or departments etc
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable definition of "judge" in this context is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	1) someone who expresses in language; someone who talks (especially someone who delivers a public speech or someone especially garrulous
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "program" in this context is:**5) an announcement of the events that will occur
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "event" in this context is:1) something that happens at a given place and time
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "proximity" in this sentence is:**1) the property of being close together**
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "company" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this context is:5) (law) a right or legal share of
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "breach" in this context is:1) **a failure to perform some promised act
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "indifference" in this context is:**1) unbiased impartial unconcern**
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "code" in this sentence is:1) a set of rules or principles or laws (
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this sentence is:**2) an assertion that something is true or factual
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "court" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:**3) prescribed guide for conduct or action**
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in this sentence is:**4) the officer who presides at the meetings
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "fundraiser" in this sentence is:**2) a social function that is held for
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "court" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "appearance" in this sentence is:1) **outward or visible aspect of a person
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "assistance" in this sentence is:1) the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "event" in this sentence is:1) something that happens at a given place and time
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this sentence is:**2) an assertion that something is true or factual
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable definition of "regard" in this sentence is:**5) the condition of being honored (estee
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "business" in this context is **4) a rightful concern or responsibility**. Here'
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "court" in this sentence is:**1) an assembly (including one or more judges
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "groups" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "conservatives" in this context is:1) a person who is reluctant to accept changes
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "Justice" in this sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "issue" in this sentence is:1) **an important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "administration" in this sentence is:**4) the tenure of a president**
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "law" in this context is:1) **the collection of rules imposed by authority**
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is:**3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "case" in this sentence is:**3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable definition of "law" in this context is:**1) the collection of rules imposed by authority**
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "indication" in this sentence is:1) something that serves to indicate or suggest
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "familiarity" in this sentence is:**2) usualness by virtue of being familiar
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "games" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is:**2) one of two or more contesting groups**
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "games" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "today" in this sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (as
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable definition of "San Jose" in this context is:2) the capital and largest city of Costa Rica
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "number one" in this sentence is:**2) the first or highest in an ordering
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "record" in this sentence is **6) an extreme attainment; the best (or worst)
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "number" in this sentence is:**1) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "League" in this sentence is:1) an association of sports teams that organizes matches for
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "league" in this sentence is:1) an association of sports teams that organizes matches for
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "competitions" in this sentence is:**2) an occasion on which a winner is
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "experience" in this sentence is:**1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "experience" in this sentence is:1) **the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "area" in this sentence is:1) a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is:**2) a relative position or degree of value in
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "peak" in this sentence is:**6) the highest point (of something)**
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	Both definitions 1) and 2) accurately define "goalkeeper".  They are essentially the same meaning.
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "game" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	1) the capital and largest city of England; located on the Thames in southeastern England; financial and industrial and cultural center
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "record" in this sentence is:**6) an extreme attainment; the best (or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	Both definitions 1) and 2) accurately define "goalkeeper".  They are essentially the same meaning.
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable definition of "matches" in this sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "today" in this sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (as
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "record" in this sentence is:**6) an extreme attainment; the best (or
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "player" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "week" in this sentence is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "player" in this sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "team" in this sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable definition of "matches" in this sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "striker" in this context is:1) a forward on a soccer team The
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "number" in this sentence is:1) **the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "games" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is:**1) a place within a region identified relative to
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "striker" in this context is:1) a forward on a soccer team The
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "games" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "matches" in this sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is:**2) one of two or more contesting groups**
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "presences" in this sentence is **1) the state of being present; current existence**.
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "rest" in this sentence is:1) **something left after other parts have been taken
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "games" in this sentence is:1) **a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "scorer" in this sentence is:1) a player who makes a score in a
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "goals" in this sentence is:4) a successful attempt at scoring The sentence
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "points" in this sentence is:**10) the unit of counting in scoring a
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this context is:1) **an onerous or difficult concern**
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "economy" in this sentence is:1) the system of production and distribution and consumption
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "immigration" in this sentence is:1) **migration into a place (especially migration to
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:**1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "aspects" in this sentence is:**2) a characteristic to be considered**
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "congestion" in this sentence is:**2) excessive crowding** The sentence
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:**1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "numbers" in this context is:**1) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "compatibility" in this sentence is:**2) capability of existing or performing in harmonious or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this sentence is:**1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "status" in this sentence is:1) **the relative position or standing of things or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "harassment" in this context is:**2) the act of tormenting by continued
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	1) a republic in western Europe; the largest country wholly in Europe The sentence refers to the country of France and
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "talent" in this context is:**1) natural abilities or qualities** Here
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "waiters" in this context is:1) a person whose occupation is to serve at
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "viewpoint" in this sentence is:1) a mental position from which things are viewed
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "lot" in this sentence is:1) **(often followed by `of') a
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "Left" in this context is:2) those who support varying degrees of social or political
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "Right" in this context is:4) those who support political or social or economic conservatism
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "subject" in this sentence is:1) **the subject matter of a conversation or discussion
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable definition of "Right" in this context is:**4) those who support political or social or economic
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "tone" in this sentence is:**4) the general atmosphere of a place or situation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is:1) **a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is:1) **a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "Left" in this context is:2) those who support varying degrees of social or political
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	1) a republic in western Europe; the largest country wholly in Europe The sentence refers to France as a country and
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "misery" in this context is:1) **a state of ill-being due
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this sentence is:**1) the quality of being unlike or dissimilar**
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "degree" in this sentence is:1) **a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "generosity" in this context is:1) the trait of being willing to give your
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "fear" in this sentence is:1) an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "invasion" in this context is:**1) the act of invading; the act of
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "territory" in this sentence is:3) the geographical area under the jurisdiction of a sovereign
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "hordes" in this sentence is:1) **a vast multitude** The
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable definition of "Left" in this context is:2) those who support varying degrees of social or political
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable definition of "Right" in this context is:4) those who support political or social or economic conservatism
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "sides" in this sentence is:**2) one of two or more contesting groups**
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this sentence is:1) **an onerous or difficult concern**
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "economy" in this sentence is:1) the system of production and distribution and consumption
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "society" in this sentence is:1) an extended social group having a distinctive cultural and
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this sentence is:1) **the quality of being unlike or dissimilar**
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "degree" in this sentence is:1) **a position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "generosity" in this context is:1) **the trait of being willing to give
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "program" in this context is **4) a document stating the aims and principles of a political
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this sentence is:**1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "notion" in this sentence is:**1) a vague idea in which some confidence
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable definition of "burden" in this sentence is:1) **an onerous or difficult concern**
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this sentence is:**1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "book" in this context is:**1) a written work or composition that has been
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "immigration" in this context is:1) migration into a place (especially migration to a
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "people" in this context is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable definition of "migration" in this context is:1) **the movement of persons from one country or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "future" in this context is:1) the time yet to come The sentence
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "specialists" in this context is:1) an expert who is devoted to one occupation
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this sentence is:**2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect**
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable definition of "migration" in this context is:1) **the movement of persons from one country or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable definition for "flows" in this context is:**3) the act of flowing or streaming; continuous
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable definition for "employment" in this context is:1) the state of being employed or having a job
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "immigration" in this sentence is:1) migration into a place (especially migration to a
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or longer or more
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "employment" in this sentence is:1) the state of being employed or having a job
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "fears" in this context is:1) **an emotion experienced in anticipation of some
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this sentence is:**2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect**
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "notion" in this sentence is:1) **a vague idea in which some confidence
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this sentence is:1) **a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is:2) a single person or thing The sentence
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable definition of "pressure" in this context is:**2) a force that compels** Here
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "experience" in this sentence is:1) **the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "replacements" in this context is:**1) the act of furnishing an equivalent person
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable definition of "labor" in this context is:**2) productive work (especially physical work done for
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "trades" in this sentence is:2) the skilled practice of a practical occupation
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "shortage" in this context is:1) **the property of being an amount by
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable definition of "labor" in this context is:**2) productive work (especially physical work done for
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this sentence is:2) a social group that forms part of the society
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "labor" in this sentence is:**2) productive work (especially physical work done for
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this sentence is:**2) a single person or thing**
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this sentence is:2) a social group that forms part of the society
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "training" in this sentence is:1) **activity leading to skilled behavior**
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "offers" in this sentence is:**2) something offered (as a proposal or bid
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "employment" in this sentence is:1) the state of being employed or having a job
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the sentence "A positive effect on wages" is:1) **a
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**2) how a result is obtained or an end
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:**1) a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "shortage" in this context is:**1) the property of being an amount by
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "complementarities" in this context is:**2) the interrelation of reciprocity whereby one
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "arrival" in this sentence is:2) the act of arriving at a certain place
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable definition of "effect" in this sentence is:1) **a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "rise" in this context is:1) **a growth in strength or number or importance
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "flow" in this sentence is:**3) the act of flowing or streaming; continuous
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is **2) a change resulting in an increase**. Here
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this context is:**2) a statement or assertion of verified information about
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "diversity" in this context is:**1) noticeable heterogeneity** Here's
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "creation" in this sentence is **4) the act of starting something for the first time;
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "ideas" in this context is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing you
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in this sentence is:**4) the relation between things (or parts of
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States of America
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "winners" in this context is **1) the contestant who wins the contest**. Here
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	3) a widely used search engine for the web that finds information, news, images, products, finance Yahoo is
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "contributors" in this sentence is:1) someone who contributes (or promises to contribute)
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "budgets" in this sentence is:**2) a summary of intended expenditures along with
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "Labor" in this context is:**2) productive work (especially physical work done for
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "Organisation" in this context is:1) **the persons (or committees or departments etc
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is:3) a time of life (usually defined in years
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "contribution" in this sentence is:**1) the part played by a person in bringing
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	The most suitable definition for "receipts" in this context is:**2) an acknowledgment (usually tangible) that
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable definition for "expenditure" in this context is:1) **money paid out; an amount spent
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:**3) an intermediate scale value regarded as normal or
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable definition for "budgets" in this context is:**2) a summary of intended expenditures along with
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "mandate" in this sentence is:**3) the commission that is given to a
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "points" in this context is **12) a distinct part that can be specified separately in
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "growth" in this context is **3) a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "question" in this sentence is **2) the subject matter at issue**. Here'
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable definition of "effect" in this sentence is:1) **a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "pound" in this sentence is:**2) the basic unit of money in Great Britain
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	1) North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable definition of "trouble" in this context is:1) **a source of difficulty** Here
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "uproar" in this context is:1) **a state of commotion and noise
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "pound" in this context is:**2) the basic unit of money in Great Britain
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	1) North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "problems" in this context is:1) **a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	The most suitable definition of "home" in this context is **3) the country or state or city where you live**.
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "industry" in this context is:1) the people or companies engaged in a particular kind
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "giant" in this context is:**3) an unusually large enterprise** The
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "USA" in this context is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in this context is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "disputes" in this context is:1) **a disagreement or argument about something important
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable definition of "bankruptcy" in this context is:**2) inability to discharge all your debts as
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in this sentence is:1) **an important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "sale" in this sentence is:**5) an agreement (or contract) in which
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in this context is:2) an official responsible for control and supervision of a
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "string" in this sentence is:**4) a sequentially ordered set of things or events
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this sentence is:**9) a building in which the business of banking
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "promises" in this context is:1) a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable definition of "value" in this sentence is:3) the amount (of money or goods or services
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "securities" in this sentence is:**4) a formal declaration that documents a
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "crisis" in this sentence is:1) an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in this sentence is:1) **an important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "New York" in this sentence is:1) the largest city in New York State and
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "bank" in this sentence is:**2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable definition of "settlement" in this context is:**3) a conclusive resolution of a matter and disposition
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	1) the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to 100 cents This definition accurately reflects the meaning
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "responsiveness" in this context is:**2) the quality of being responsive; reacting
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "bankruptcies" in this context is:**2) inability to discharge all your debts
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "deposits" in this context is:4) money deposited in a bank or some similar
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable definition of "compensation" in this sentence is:1) something (such as money) given or received
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "billions" in this context is:1) the number that is represented as a one
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "settlements" in this sentence is:**6) an area where a group of families
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in this sentence is:2) an official responsible for control and supervision of a
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	The most suitable definition of "summer" in this context is:1) the warmest season of the year; in the
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable definition of "fate" in this sentence is:**1) an event (or a course of events
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "number" in this sentence is:**1) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this sentence is:1) **an institution created to conduct business**
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable definition in this context is:**2) the highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "crisis" in this sentence is:1) an unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this sentence is:1) **sloping land (especially the slope beside
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "wind" in this sentence is:1) air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	1) North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in this sentence is:1) **a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "regulators" in this sentence is:2) an official responsible for control and supervision of
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "number" in this sentence is:1) **the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this sentence is:**3) demand for something as rightful or due**
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "compensation" in this sentence is:1) something (such as money) given or received
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "misconduct" in this sentence is:**1) bad or dishonest management by persons supposed
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "wave" in this sentence is:2) a movement like that of a sudden occurrence or
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this sentence is:**3) demand for something as rightful or due**
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in this sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable definition of "value" in this sentence is:3) the amount (of money or goods or services
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	1) the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to 100 cents This definition accurately reflects the meaning
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in this sentence is:2) an official responsible for control and supervision of a
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "bank" in this sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable definition of "responsibility" in this context is:3) a form of trustworthiness; the trait of being
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "sum" in this sentence is:**5) the whole amount** Here'
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this sentence is:**3) demand for something as rightful or due**
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "intention" in this sentence is:1) **an anticipated outcome that is intended or that
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this sentence is:**3) demand for something as rightful or due**
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "document" in this sentence is:1) **writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "Public" in this context is:1) **not private; open to or concerning the
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "assessment" in this context is:4) the act of judging or assessing a person or
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Report" in this sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "explains" in this sentence is:1) **make plain and comprehensible**
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this sentence is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matter;
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "Products" in this sentence is:1) **commodities offered for sale**
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "Human" in this context is **2) relating to a person**. Here's
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable definition of "use" in this sentence is **2) what something is used for**. Here'
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "assessed" in this sentence is:1) **evaluate or estimate the nature, quality
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "performed" in this sentence is:1) **carry out or perform an action**
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "reach" in this sentence is:**7) reach a goal, e.g.,
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this sentence is:1) something (as a course of action) that
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition of "use" in this context is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "need" in this sentence is:**2) have need of** Here'
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:1) (comparative of `much' used with
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "information" in this context is:**2) knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "medical" in this context is:1) **relating to the study or practice of
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "condition" in this sentence is:**6) an illness, disease, or other medical
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:1) care provided to improve a situation (especially medical
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "read" in this context is:1) **interpret something that is written or printed**
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "leaflet" in this context is:3) a small book usually having a paper cover
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable definition for "contact" in this sentence is:1) **be in or establish communication with**
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable definition for "doctor" in this context is:1) a licensed medical practitioner The sentence is
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in this sentence is:**2) have need of** Here'
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:1) **(comparative of `much' used
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "information" in this context is:**2) knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "basis" in this sentence is:**1) a relation that provides the foundation for something
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this context is:1) something (as a course of action) that
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "read" in this sentence is:1) **interpret something that is written or printed**
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	Both definitions 1) and 2) are suitable for the context of the sentence. Here's why:
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "powder" in this sentence is:1) a solid substance in the form of tiny loose
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "solution" in this context is:1) a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances;
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "infusion" in this context is:3) (medicine) the passive introduction of a
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "drip" in this context is:**2) let or cause to fall in drops**
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition of "vein" in this context is:1) a blood vessel that carries blood from the capillaries
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "contains" in this sentence is:**1) include or contain; have as a component
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "active" in this sentence is:**6) exerting influence or producing a change or effect
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "substance" in this sentence is:**4) material of a particular kind or constitution**
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the sentence "What is Alimta used for?" is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "treat" in this sentence is:**3) provide treatment for** The sentence
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "types" in this sentence is:1) **a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "lining" in this context is:1) **a protective covering that protects an inside surface
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable definition for "caused" in this sentence is:1) **give rise to; cause to happen or
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this context is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "removed" in this context is:**1) remove something concrete, as by lifting,
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "surgery" in this context is:**4) a medical procedure involving an incision with instruments
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "alone" in this context is:**3) exclusive of anyone or anything else**
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable definition of "spread" in this context is:**2) become distributed or widespread** Here
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "likely" in this context is:**2) likely but not certain to be or become
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable definition of "spread" in this context is:**2) become distributed or widespread** Here
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "easily" in this context is:**3) indicating high probability; in all likelihood**
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "parts" in this context is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The most suitable definition of "body" in this context is:**1) the entire structure of an organism (an
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable definition for "medicines" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable definition for "advanced" in this context is:**2) comparatively late in a course of development**
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable definition of "cell" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in this context is:**1) have an effect upon**
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable definition of "treated" in this context is:2) **subject to a process or treatment, with
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is:1) **a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition of "past" in this context is **1) the time that has elapsed**. The sentence
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this sentence is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is:**2) without any others being included or involved**
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "obtained" in this sentence is:1) **come into possession of** The
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "prescription" in this sentence is:**4) written instructions from a physician or dentist to
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the sentence "How is Alimta used?" is:1) **
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is:**2) without any others being included or involved**
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "given" in this sentence is:**19) give (as medicine)**
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "doctor" in this context is:1) a licensed medical practitioner The sentence refers
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition of "use" in this context is:1) **the act of using** Here
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "dose" in this context is:**2) the quantity of an active agent (substance
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The correct definition of "mg" in this context is:1) one thousandth (1/1,00
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "body" in this context is:1) **the entire structure of an organism (an
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "calculated" in this sentence is:1) **make a mathematical calculation or computation**
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is:**1) put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "patient" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care Let
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable definition for "height" in this context is:**3) (of a standing person) the distance
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable definition of "weight" in this context is:1) **the vertical force exerted by a mass as
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in this sentence is:**19) give (as medicine)**
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "once" in this sentence is:1) **on one occasion** The sentence
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "every" in this sentence is:**2) each and all of a series of entities
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "weeks" in this sentence is:1) **any period of seven consecutive days**
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "infusion" in this sentence is:3) (medicine) the passive introduction of a
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "lasting" in this sentence is:1) **persist for a specified period of time**
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to 60
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "reduce" in this sentence is:**1) cut down on; make a reduction in
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	Both definitions are suitable, but **1) a secondary and usually adverse effect of a drug or therapy** is slightly more precise
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is:1) **a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "injections" in this context is:**3) the act of putting a liquid into
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in this sentence is:**19) give (as medicine)**
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this context is:**1) keep from happening or arising; make impossible
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "fluids" in this context is:**2) continuous amorphous matter that tends to flow
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this context is:**1) keep from happening or arising; make impossible
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "dehydration" in this context is:**2) depletion of bodily fluids**
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "given" in this sentence is:**19) give (as medicine)**
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "before" in this sentence is:1) **earlier in time; previously**
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "after" in this context is:1) happening at a time subsequent to a reference time
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "dose" in this context is:**2) the quantity of an active agent (substance
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "delayed" in this sentence is:1) **cause to be slowed down or delayed**
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "discontinued" in this sentence is:**1) put an end to a state or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "dose" in this sentence is:2) the quantity of an active agent (substance or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "reduced" in this context is:**1) cut down on; make a reduction in
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "blood counts" in this context is:1) the number of red and white corpuscles
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "abnormal" in this context is:1) **not normal; not typical or usual
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is:**1) have or possess, either in a concrete
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this sentence is:**1) definite but not specified or identified**
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable definition for "side effects" in this context is:**1) a secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is **1) the act of using**. Here's
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "moderate" in this context is:**1) being within reasonable or average limits; not
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "severe" in this context is:**1) intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "problems" in this sentence is:1) **a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:1) (comparative of `much' used with
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "information" in this context is:**4) a collection of facts from which conclusions may
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "see" in this context is:**9) find out, learn, or determine with
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "Product" in this context is:**2) an artifact that has been created by someone
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "part" in this context is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "active" in this context is **6) exerting influence or producing a change or effect**.
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "substance" in this context is:**1) the real physical matter of which a person
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "kills" in this context is:**1) cause to die; put to death,
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition of "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "dividing" in this context is:**1) separate into parts or portions**
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "body" in this sentence is:1) the entire structure of an organism (an animal
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "converted" in this sentence is:**11) change in nature, purpose, or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "active" in this context is:**6) exerting influence or producing a change or effect
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "form" in this sentence is:**11) a particular mode in which something is
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "blocks" in this sentence is:**2) hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this sentence is:1) **connected by participation or association or use**
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "producing" in this sentence is:1) **bring forth or yield** Here
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable definition for "building blocks" in this context is:1) **a single undivided natural thing occurring in
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this sentence is:2) of or relating to or produced by or being
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable definition for "material" in this sentence is:1) **the tangible substance that goes into the makeup
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable definition for "cells" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "studied" in the sentence "How has Alimta been studied?" is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "studied" in this context is:1) **consider in detail and subject to an analysis
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "main" in this context is:1) **most important element** The sentence
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:**1) a detailed critical inspection** Here
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable definition for "before" in this sentence is:1) **earlier in time; previously**
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "effects" in this sentence is:1) **a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:1) **examine and note the similarities or differences of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition of "cell" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "effects" in this context is:1) **a phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:1) **examine and note the similarities or differences of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this sentence is:**2) engage as a participant**
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "locally" in this context is:**2) to a restricted area of the body**
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "advanced" in this context is **2) comparatively late in a course of development**.
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	The most suitable definition of "past" in this context is:**1) the time that has elapsed**
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:1) **examine and note the similarities or differences of
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:**1) a detailed critical inspection** Here
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this sentence is:**2) engage as a participant**
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	1) the time that has elapsed The sentence refers to a point in time before the study took place.
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this sentence is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "main" in this sentence is:1) **most important element** The sentence
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "measure" in this sentence is:**4) the act or process of assigning numbers to
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	The most suitable definition for "long" in this sentence is:1) **for an extended time or at a distant
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	1) a person who requires medical care The sentence clearly states that the studies are about medical care and the length of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for "survived" in this context is:**2) continue in existence after (an adversity
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "benefit" in this sentence is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in this sentence is:**3) provide evidence for** Here'
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this sentence is:**1) become bigger or greater in amount**
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "survival" in this sentence is:1) a state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "Patients" in this sentence is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition of "survived" in this context is **4) live longer than**. Here's
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location of a distribution
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:1) **examine and note the similarities or differences of
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition of "cell" in this context is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "effective" in this sentence is:**3) works well as a means or remedy**
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable definition of "past" in this sentence is:**2) a earlier period in someone's life
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "average" in this sentence is:**1) approximating the statistical norm or average or expected
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable definition of "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this sentence is:1) **examine and note the similarities or differences of
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable definition of "past" in this sentence is:**2) a earlier period in someone's life
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "average" in this sentence is:**1) approximating the statistical norm or average or expected
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is **3) an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "groups" in this sentence is:1) **any number of entities (members) considered
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "However" in this sentence is:**2) by contrast; on the other hand**
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in this sentence is:**1) have an effect upon**
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "longer" in this sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "times" in this sentence is **2) a period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "contrast" in this sentence is:**1) the opposition or dissimilarity of things that
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this sentence is:1) **a person who requires medical care**
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in this sentence is:**1) have an effect upon**
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "shorter" in this sentence is:1) **primarily temporal sense; indicating or being
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "survival" in this sentence is:1) a state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "times" in this sentence is **2) a period of time considered as a resource under your
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "mathematical" in this sentence is:1) **of or pertaining to or of the nature
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "based" in this sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found on
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "capable" in this sentence is:**1) (usually followed by `of') having
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "make" in this sentence is:**3) make or cause to be or to become
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "simple" in this context is:**2) easy and not involved or complicated**
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "operations" in this context is:**10) (mathematics) calculation by mathematical methods
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "3D" in this context is:**2) having a three-dimensional form or
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "actually" in this sentence is:1) **in actual fact** The sentence
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in this sentence is:**1) absolutely essential** The sentence is
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "know" in this sentence is:1) **be cognizant or aware of a fact
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "now" in this sentence is **4) at the present moment**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "little" in this sentence is:**1) limited or below average in number or quantity
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "mathematical" in this sentence is:1) **of or pertaining to or of the nature
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" is:
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "main" in this sentence is **1) most important element**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "window" in this context is:**8) (computer science) a rectangular part of
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "main" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:1) **most
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "window" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:**8) (
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "main" in this sentence is:1) **most important element** The sentence
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "window" in this context is:**8) (computer science) a rectangular part of
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "consists" in this sentence is:**4) be composed of** The
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "Console" in this context is:2) a scientific instrument consisting of displays and an input
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "3D" in this context is:2) having a three-dimensional form or appearance
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "below" in this sentence is **1) in or to a place that is lower**.
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "find" in this sentence is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "input" in this sentence is:**1) signal going into an electronic system**
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is:1) write by means of a keyboard with types
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "functions" in this context is **2) what something is used for**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "do" in this sentence is **2) carry out or perform an action**. Here
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "calculations" in this sentence is:**1) the procedure of calculating; determining something by
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable definition of "want" in this sentence is:**2) have need of** Here'
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable definition of "understand" in this context is:1) **know and comprehend the nature or meaning of
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "works" in this sentence is **4) perform as expected when applied**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "best" in this sentence is:**2) (comparative and superlative of `
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this sentence is:**8) an entity that is not named specifically**
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "do" in this sentence is:**2) carry out or perform an action**
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable definition of "realize" in this sentence is:1) **be fully aware or cognizant of
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "input" in this sentence is:**1) signal going into an electronic system**
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "converted" in this sentence is:**1) change from one system to another or to
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in this context is:**1) absolutely essential** Here's
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable definition of "know" in this sentence is:1) **be cognizant or aware of a fact
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "based" in this sentence is:1) **use as a basis for; found on
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable definition of "hard" in this sentence is:1) **not easy; requiring great physical or mental
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "closely" in this sentence is **2) in an attentive manner**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "look" in this sentence is:**2) give a certain impression or have a certain
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "very" in this sentence is:1) used as intensifiers; `real' is
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "similar" in this sentence is:**3) resembling or similar; having the same or
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "Addition" in this context is:**6) the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	Both definitions are suitable, but **1) an arithmetic operation in which the difference between two numbers is calculated** is a more
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	3) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of division; the product of two numbers is computed Let me know if
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "division" in this context is:**11) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "Power" in this sentence is **1) possession of controlling influence**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is **1) put into service; make work or employ for a
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this sentence is:1) **capable of happening or existing**
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "Powers" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is:**
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is:**
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "roots" in this sentence is:2) the place where something begins, where it springs
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "too" in this sentence is **2) in addition**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in this context is:**2) how a result is obtained or an end
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "specify" in this context is:**2) decide upon or fix definitely**
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "variable" in this context is:**4) a symbol (like x or y)
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "function" in this context is:1) **(mathematics) a mathematical relation such that
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this context is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "specify" in this context is:**4) be specific about** Here'
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "higher" in this context is:**3) standing above others in quality or position**
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "priority" in this context is:1) **status established in order of importance or urgency
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "finds" in this context is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "function" in this context is:**7) a set sequence of steps, part of
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "checks" in this sentence is:**1) examine so as to determine accuracy, quality
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "operator" in this context is:1) **(mathematics) a symbol or function representing
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "treated" in this sentence is:**8) regard or consider in a specific way**
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition of "operator" in this context is:1) **(mathematics) a symbol or function representing
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "treated" in this sentence is:**8) regard or consider in a specific way**
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition of "user" in this context is:1) a person who makes use of a thing;
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable definition of "function" in this context is **7) a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this context is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "define" in this context is:**2) give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "value" in this context is:1) **a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**2) how a result is obtained or an end
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "define" in this sentence is:2) give a definition for the meaning of a word
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "conditional" in this sentence is:**2) imposing or depending on or containing a condition
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "operations" in this context is:**7) a process or series of acts especially of
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "introduce" in this context is:**5) bring in or establish in a new place
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "true" in this context is:1) **consistent with fact or reality; not false
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "finds" in this context is:**2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable definition of "instance" in this context is:1) **an occurrence of something** Here
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the sentence "It can be used to define a container" is:1
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable definition of "define" in this sentence is:**2) give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	Both definitions 1) and 2) are suitable for the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piecewise." Here
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "working" in the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piecewise" is:**4)
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "Now" in this sentence is:**4) at the present moment** The
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "ask" in this sentence is:**5) address a question to and expect an answer
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "user" in this sentence is:1) a person who makes use of a thing;
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "easy" in this context is:1) **posing no difficulty; requiring little effort**
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "functions" in this context is:1) **(mathematics) a mathematical relation such that
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	1) ratio of the adjacent side to the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle "cos()" is a
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "sin()" in this context is:3) ratio of the length of the side opposite the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable definition of "sum" in this context is:2) a quantity obtained by the addition of a group
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable definition of "product" in this context is:3) a quantity obtained by multiplication The sentence
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "plus()" in this context is:2) the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the sum
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "times()" in this context is:2) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of division
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "has" in this sentence is **2) have as a feature**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "operator" in this context is:1) (mathematics) a symbol or function representing a
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	Both definitions are suitable, but **1) being of use or service** is slightly more comprehensive. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "There" in this sentence is **1) in or at that place**. Here'
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is:**15) get something; come into possession of
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	1) a database containing an ordered array of items (names or topics) This definition best captures the meaning of "
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "variables" in this sentence is:**2) a quantity that can assume any of a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in this context is:**1) perceive by sight or have the power to
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "lets" in this sentence is:1) **make it possible through a specific action or
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "change" in this sentence is **3) become different in some particular way, without permanently losing
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable definition for "values" in this sentence is:1) **a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "just" in this sentence is:1) **and nothing more** The sentence
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "way" in this sentence is:**1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable definition for "log" in this sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent or received
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in this sentence is:**1) an instance or single occasion for some event
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "expression" in this context is:6) a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "variable" in this context is:**4) a symbol (like x or y)
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable definition of "value" in this context is:1) a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable definition for "changed" in this context is:**3) become different in some particular way, without
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "last" in this sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or space or
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "result" in this context is:**3) something that results** Here'
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "New" in the context of "Ctrl N New Window" is:**1) not
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "Window" in the context of "Ctrl N New Window" is:8) (computer
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "log" in the sentence "Flushes the log" is **3) a written record
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "Load" in the context of "Ctrl L Load Script" is:**3) transfer
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "executes" in the given sentence is:**5) carry out a process or program
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable definition for "instructions" in this context is:1) **a message describing how something is to be
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "file" in this context is:1) a set of related records (either written or
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable definition of "nice" in this context is **1) pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature or appearance;
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "want" in this sentence is:**1) feel or have a desire for; want
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "define" in this sentence is:**2) give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "libraries" in this context is **4) (computing) a collection of standard programs and sub
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "resume" in this sentence is:**1) take up or begin anew**
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "previous" in this sentence is:1) **just preceding something else in time or order
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable definition of "work" in this sentence is:**2) a product produced or accomplished through the effort
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl G Save Script" is:**11)
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "Saves" in this sentence is **11) record data on a computer**. Here
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "instructions" in this sentence is:1) a message describing how something is to be done
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "typed" in this sentence is:1) write by means of a keyboard with types
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "began" in this sentence is **6) have a beginning, of a temporal event**.
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "able" in this sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to') having the
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "Generates" in this sentence is:1) **bring into existence** The
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "easy" in this sentence is:1) **posing no difficulty; requiring little effort**
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition of "fix" in this context is **6) set or place definitely**. Here's
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable definition for "using" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "text editor" in this context is:2) (computer science) an application that can
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl S Save Log" is:**11)
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "Log" in the sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:**3) a written
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "Saves" in this context is **11) record data on a computer**. Here
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "log" in this sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent or received
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "results" in this sentence is **3) something that results**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for "able" in this sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to') having the
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable definition for "print" in this context is **4) reproduce by printing**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable definition for "publish" in this context is:**2) prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "Quit" in the context of "Ctrl Q Quit" is **1) put an end to
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable definition for "program" in the sentence "Shuts the program down" is:7) (computer
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable definition for "add" in this context is:1) **make an addition (to); join or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "do" in this sentence is:**2) carry out or perform an action**
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "go" in this sentence is:**1) change location; move, travel, or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable definition for "Add" in this context is:1) **make an addition (to); join or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable definition for "add" in this context is:1) **make an addition (to); join or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable definition for "new" in this sentence is:**1) not of long duration; having just (
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable definition of "function" in this context is:1) **(mathematics) a mathematical relation such that
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "Then" in this sentence is:1) **subsequently or soon afterward (often used
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "focus" in this sentence is:1) **the concentration of attention or energy on something
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "input" in this sentence is:1) **signal going into an electronic system**
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	1) the words of something written This definition best fits the context of the sentence, as it refers to the input
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable definition for "type" in this sentence is:1) write by means of a keyboard with types
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable definition in this context is **2) what something is used for**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in this sentence is:**2) have need of** Here'
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "typical" in this sentence is:**1) exhibiting the qualities or characteristics that identify a
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in this sentence is:**1) absolutely essential** Here's
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "specify" in this sentence is:**2) decide upon or fix definitely**
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "function" in this sentence is:**7) a set sequence of steps, part of
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable definition for "display" in this sentence is:1) to show, make visible or apparent
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	1) most important element In this sentence, "main window" refers to the most important or primary window where the
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable definition for "window" in this sentence is:**8) (computer science) a rectangular part of
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "set" in this sentence is:**1) put into a certain place or abstract location
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "several" in this sentence is:1) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "same" in this sentence is **1) same in identity**. Here's why
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "Just" in this sentence is:**1) and nothing more** The sentence
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "use" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "Add" in this context is:1) **make an addition (to); join or
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	1) a database containing an ordered array of items (names or topics) Let me know if you'd like
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable definition for "mode" in this sentence is:2) a particular functioning condition or arrangement The
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "set" in the sentence "You can set each graph its own color" is:**
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for "color" in this sentence is:1) **a visual attribute of things that results from
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in this sentence is:**2) an institution supported by an endowment**
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this sentence is:**2) engage as a participant** The
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "organising" in this sentence is:**5) arrange by systematic planning and united effort
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "dealt" in this sentence is:**3) take action with respect to (someone
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "critical" in this sentence is:**4) urgently needed; absolutely necessary**
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition of "challenge" in this sentence is:1) a demanding or stimulating situation The sentence
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "participants" in this sentence is:1) someone who takes part in an activity
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "main" in this sentence is:1) **most important element** The sentence
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "attended" in this sentence is:1) **be present at (meetings, church services
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "debated" in this sentence is **3) discuss the pros and cons of an issue**.
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "issues" in this sentence is:1) **an important question that is in dispute and
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "actors" in this context is:2) a person who acts and gets things done
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "authorities" in this sentence is:2) (usually plural) persons who exercise (administrative
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is:1) **relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable definition for "voluntary" in this context is:1) **of your own free will or design
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable definition for "community" in this sentence is:1) **a group of people living in a particular
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in this sentence is:**1) the persons (or committees or departments
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is:**1) work done by one person or group that
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable definition for "users" in this context is:1) a person who makes use of a thing;
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this sentence is:**1) an occurrence of something** The
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "reported" in this sentence is:**2) announce as the result of an investigation or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "attempts" in this sentence is:1) **earnest and conscientious activity intended to do
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "involve" in this sentence is:**2) engage as a participant**
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "users" in this context is:1) a person who makes use of a thing;
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is:**1) work done by one person or group that
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "planning" in this sentence is:**1) an act of formulating a program for a
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable definition for "involvement" in this sentence is:1) **the act of sharing in the activities
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is:**1) work done by one person or group that
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable definition for "provision" in this sentence is:2) the activity of supplying or providing something
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable definition for "found" in this sentence is:**4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of much; to a greater degree
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable definition for "common" in this sentence is:**2) having no special distinction or quality; widely
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "variety" in this sentence is:**2) noticeable heterogeneity** Here's
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "different" in this sentence is:**1) unlike in nature or quality or form or
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "played" in this sentence is:**4) play a role or part**
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	Both definitions 1) and 2) accurately describe the meaning of "public" in the given sentence.  Here
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "welfare" in this sentence is:**2) something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in this sentence is:**2) an institution supported by an endowment**
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "Commission" in this sentence is:**5) a group of representatives or delegates**
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "Ministry" in this sentence is:3) a government department under the direction of a minister
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "Social" in this sentence is:1) **relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "Affairs" in this context is:2) transactions of professional or public interest
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "regional" in this sentence is:**2) related or limited to a particular region**
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "government" in this sentence is:1) **the organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for "social" in this sentence is:1) **relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable definition for "exclusion" in this context is **1) the state of being excluded**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "major" in this sentence is:**6) of greater seriousness or danger**
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable definition of "challenge" in this sentence is:1) **a demanding or stimulating situation**
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	Both definitions 1) and 2) are suitable for the context of the sentence. Here's why:
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable definition for "welfare" in this sentence is:1) **governmental provision of economic assistance to persons in
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in this sentence is:**2) an institution supported by an endowment**
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "published" in this context is **2) prepare and issue for public distribution or sale**.
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "comparative" in this sentence is:**1) relating to or based on or involving
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "study" in this sentence is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "part" in this sentence is:**9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "assesses" in this sentence is:1) **evaluate or estimate the nature, quality
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable definition for "extent" in this sentence is:1) **the point or degree to which something extends
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "direct" in this sentence is:**2) having no intervening persons, agents, conditions
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable definition for "participation" in this context is:1) the act of sharing in the activities of a
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable definition of "work" in this context is **1) activity directed toward making or doing something**.
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable definition for "increasing" in this context is:1) **become bigger or greater in amount**
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in this sentence is **1) a detailed critical inspection**. Here's
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "based" in this sentence is:1) **use as a basis for; found on
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:**2) particular to a given individual**
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in this context is:1) the questioning of a person (or a
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "senior" in this context is:1) **older; higher in rank; longer in
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "officials" in this sentence is:1) **a worker who holds or is invested
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is:1) **relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this sentence is:1) **a person who represents others**
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "national" in this sentence is **3) concerned with or applicable to or belonging to an entire
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in this sentence is:**2) a relative position or degree of value in
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in this sentence is:1) **the persons (or committees or departments
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "important" in this sentence is:1) **of great significance or value**
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "industrial" in this sentence is:1) **of or relating to or resulting from industry
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this sentence is:2) a social group that forms part of the society
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "metal" in this context is:1) any of several chemical elements that are usually shiny
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "industry" in this sentence is:2) the organized action of making of goods and services
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	1) engaging in the business of keeping money for savings and checking accounts or for exchange or for issuing loans and credit etc.
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "sector" in this sentence is:2) a social group that forms part of the society
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "included" in this sentence is:**3) add as part of something else; put
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "speakers" in this context is:1) someone who expresses in language; someone who talks
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is:1) **relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "exclusion" in this context is **1) the state of being excluded**. Here'
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "left" in this context is:1) location near or direction toward the left side;
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "right" in this context is:**2) location near or direction toward the right side
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "Employment" in this context is:1) the state of being employed or having a job
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "Industrial" in this context is:1) **of or relating to or resulting from industry
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for "Commission" in this context is:**5) a group of representatives or delegates**
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable definition for "high" in this context is:**3) standing above others in quality or position**
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this context is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matter;
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable definition for "Member" in this context is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable definition for "Parliament" in this context is:1) a legislative assembly in certain countries The
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable definition for "Parliament" in this context is:1) a legislative assembly in certain countries The
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable definition for "Economic" in this context is:1) **of or relating to an economy, the
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable definition for "Social" in this context is:1) **relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this context is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matter;
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "Case Studies" in this context is:**1) a careful study of some social unit
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is:**1) of or relating to or belonging to a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in this sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "contains" in this sentence is:**1) include or contain; have as a component
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "present" in this context is **5) introduce**. Here's why:
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "policies" in this context is:1) **a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "practices" in this sentence is:1) **a customary way of operation or behavior**
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "improve" in this context is:1) to make better The sentence talks about
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for "training" in this context is:1) **activity leading to skilled behavior**
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "development" in this context is:**2) a process in which something passes by degrees
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is:1) **a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable definition for "community" in this context is:1) **a group of people living in a particular
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "country" in this sentence is:1) **a politically organized body of people under a
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "case study" in this sentence is:**1) a careful study of some social unit
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "case studies" in this sentence is:1) a careful study of some social unit (
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "analysed" in this sentence is:1) **consider in detail and subject to an
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "background" in this sentence is:**3) information that is essential to understanding a situation
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this sentence is:**2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect**
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "employment" in this sentence is:1) the state of being employed or having a job
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition of "work" in this context is:1) **activity directed toward making or doing something**
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in this sentence is:**2) a group of people who work together
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition for "assessed" in this sentence is:1) **evaluate or estimate the nature, quality
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this sentence is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable definition for "problems" in this context is:**1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "visits" in this sentence is **3) the act of visiting in an official capacity (as
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in this sentence is:1) the questioning of a person (or a
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "national" in this sentence is **1) of or relating to or belonging to a nation or
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this sentence is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "form" in this sentence is **2) to compose or represent**. Here's
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "basis" in this sentence is:**1) a relation that provides the foundation for something
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "report" in this sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "overall" in this sentence is:**2) including everything** The sentence states
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "practices" in this sentence is:1) **a customary way of operation or behavior**
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in this sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "published" in this sentence is:**2) prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "conference" in this sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "staged" in this sentence is:2) plan, organize, and carry out (
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in this sentence is:**2) an institution supported by an endowment**
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "aims" in this sentence is:**2) propose or intend** The
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "document" in this sentence is:1) **record in detail** The sentence
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "characteristics" in this sentence is:**1) a prominent attribute or aspect of something**
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is:**3) a time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "barriers" in this sentence is:**2) any condition that makes it difficult to
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "job" in this sentence is:**1) the principal activity in your life that you
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "training" in this context is:1) **activity leading to skilled behavior**
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "analyse" in this sentence is:1) **consider in detail and subject to an analysis
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "causes" in this sentence is:**1) events that provide the generative force that is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "perspectives" in this sentence is:1) a way of regarding situations or topics etc
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "social" in this sentence is:1) **relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "particular" in this sentence is:**6) providing specific details or circumstances**
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "attention" in this sentence is:1) the process whereby a person concentrates on some features
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "paid" in this sentence is:**2) convey, as of a compliment, regards
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "proposals" in this sentence is:1) something proposed (such as a plan or assumption
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "removing" in this sentence is:**1) remove something concrete, as by lifting,
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is:3) a time of life (usually defined in years
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "barriers" in this sentence is:**2) any condition that makes it difficult to
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "assesses" in this sentence is:1) **evaluate or estimate the nature, quality
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "private" in this sentence is:**1) confined to particular persons or groups or providing
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in this sentence is:2) a social group that forms part of the society
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "age" in this sentence is:**3) a time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "barriers" in this sentence is:**2) any condition that makes it difficult to
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this sentence is:1) **to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "older" in this sentence is:1) advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this sentence is:1) **a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "seeking" in this sentence is:**1) try to get or reach**
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "early" in this sentence is:1) at or near the beginning of a period of
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "retirement" in this context is:1) the state of being retired from one's
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "redundancy" in this sentence is:2) the attribute of being superfluous and unneeded
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in this sentence is:**2) involved in or affected by or having a
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "retention" in this sentence is:1) the act of retaining something Here'
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	The most suitable definition for "older" in this sentence is:1) advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this sentence is:1) **a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "gender" in this context is **1) a grammatical category in inflected languages governing the agreement
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "ethnic" in this sentence is:1) denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the ways
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "backgrounds" in this sentence is:**1) a person's social heritage:
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this sentence is:1) **a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "relate" in this sentence is:**2) be relevant to** Here'
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable definition of "age" in this context is:**3) a time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable definition of "discrimination" in this context is:1) **unfair treatment of a person or group
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "examined" in this sentence is:1) **consider in detail and subject to an analysis
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "considers" in this sentence is:**2) give careful consideration to**
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition of "age" in this sentence is:**3) a time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "discrimination" in this context is:1) unfair treatment of a person or group on the
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "small" in this sentence is:**2) limited in size or scope**
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "enterprises" in this sentence is:2) an organization created for business ventures
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "member" in this sentence is:4) an organization that is a member of another organization
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "covered" in this sentence is:**6) include in scope; include as part of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "document" in this sentence is:1) **writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "Public" in this sentence is:1) **not private; open to or concerning the
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "assessment" in this sentence is:**4) the act of judging or assessing a person
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Report" in this sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "explains" in this sentence is:1) **make plain and comprehensible**
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this sentence is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matter;
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "Products" in this sentence is:1) **commodities offered for sale**
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable definition of "use" in this sentence is **2) what something is used for**. Here'
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "assessed" in this sentence is:1) **evaluate or estimate the nature, quality
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "performed" in this sentence is:1) **carry out or perform an action**
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "reach" in this sentence is:**7) reach a goal, e.g.,
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this sentence is:1) something (as a course of action) that
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable definition of "use" in this context is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "contains" in this sentence is:1) **include or contain; have as a component
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "active" in this context is:**6) exerting influence or producing a change or effect
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "substance" in this sentence is:**4) material of a particular kind or constitution**
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "available" in this sentence is:1) **obtainable or accessible and ready for use
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in this context is:3) a small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "solution" in this context is:1) a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances;
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "injection" in this context is:**3) the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in this sentence is:**3) a small flat compressed cake of some
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "have" in this sentence is **2) have as a feature**. Here's
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "score" in this sentence is:8) a slight surface cut (especially a notch that
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "line" in this sentence is:**2) a mark that is long relative to its
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "sides" in this sentence is **4) a surface forming part of the outside of an object
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "so" in this sentence is:**2) in a manner that facilitates**
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in this sentence is:3) a small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "marked" in this sentence is:**3) having or as if having an identifying mark
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is:**4) a surface forming part of the outside of
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "letters" in this sentence is:2) the conventional characters of the alphabet used to represent
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "quantity" in this sentence is:1) **how much there is or how many there
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "side" in this sentence is:**4) a surface forming part of the outside of
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the sentence "What is Cerenia used for?" is:1)
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "means" in this sentence is **2) have as a logical consequence**. Here'
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "stops" in this sentence is:**3) stop from happening or developing**
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this sentence is:**1) keep from happening or arising; make impossible
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "caused" in this sentence is:1) **give rise to; cause to happen or
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "medicines" in this sentence is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for "cause" in this sentence is:1) **give rise to; cause to happen or
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "measures" in this context is:1) **any maneuver made as part of progress toward
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "special" in this context is:**4) adapted to or reserved for a particular purpose
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "diet" in this context is:**1) a prescribed selection of foods**
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "used" in this sentence is:1) **put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "injection" in this context is:**3) the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "injection" in this context is:**3) the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "followed" in this sentence is:**6) come after in time, as a result
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in this context is:3) a small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "purposes" in this sentence is:2) what something is used for The sentence
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "given" in the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up to
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "days" in this sentence is:**2) some point or period in time**
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "receptor" in this context is:1) a cellular structure that is postulated to exist in
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "acts" in this sentence is:**7) have an effect or outcome; often the
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "studied" in the sentence "How has Cerenia been studied?" is:1)
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this sentence is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "carried out" in this sentence is:**2) pursue to a conclusion or bring to
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "laboratory" in this sentence is:1) a workplace for the conduct of scientific research
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "several" in this sentence is:1) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "benefit" in this sentence is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during the studies?" is:
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "results" in this sentence is **3) something that results**. Here's why
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:**3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this sentence is:**2) establish the validity of something, as by
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "more" in this sentence is:**2) comparative of much; to a greater degree
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "effective" in this context is:**3) works well as a means or remedy**
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable definition of "placebo" in this context is:1) an innocuous or inert medication; given
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "less" in this sentence is:1) (comparative of `little' usually used
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "seen" in this context is:**7) see or watch** Here'
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable definition of "dogs" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable definition of "dogs" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable definition of "placebo" in this context is:1) an innocuous or inert medication; given
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "dog" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "started" in this sentence is:**1) take the first step or steps in carrying
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "injection" in this context is:**3) the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable definition of "able" in this context is:1) (usually followed by `to') having the
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in this context is:3) a small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "intact" in this sentence is:1) **constituting the undiminished entirety
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in this context is:3) a small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "follow-up" in this sentence is:**3) a subsequent examination of a patient
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (especially medical
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "owner" in this sentence is:2) a person who owns something The sentence
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "administer" in this sentence is:**4) give or apply (medications)**
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in this sentence is:3) a small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable definition of "dog" in this sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this sentence is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in this sentence is:**2) without any others being included or involved**
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "measure" in this context is:**2) how much there is or how many there
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in this sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for "addressing" in this context is:**5) address or apply oneself to something,
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "underlying" in this sentence is:**1) in the nature of something though not readily
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for "causes" in this sentence is:**4) any entity that produces an effect or is
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	The most suitable definition of "risk" in this context is:1) a source of danger; a possibility of incurring
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "generally" in this sentence is:**1) usually; as a rule**
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "well" in this sentence is:**11) in a manner affording benefit or advantage
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable definition of "tolerated" in this context is:**1) put up with something or somebody unpleasant
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "administered" in this context is:**4) give or apply (medications)**
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "daily" in this sentence is:1) **every day; without missing a day**
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "dosages" in this context is:1) **the quantity of an active agent (
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "doses" in this context is:2) the quantity of an active agent (substance or
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "extended" in this sentence is:1) **relatively long in duration; tediously protracted
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable definition for "duration" in this sentence is:1) **the period of time during which something continues
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in this context is:1) **care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "precautions" in this sentence is:1) **a precautionary measure warding off impending
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "person" in this sentence is:1) a human being The sentence is talking
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "gives" in this sentence is:**19) give (as medicine)**
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in this context is:2) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "contact" in this sentence is **3) the state or condition of touching or of being in
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "represent" in this sentence is:**3) be representative or typical for**
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "particular" in this sentence is:1) **unique or specific to a person or thing
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "risk" in this sentence is:1) a source of danger; a possibility of incurring
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "people" in this sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
