senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "art" in the given sentence is:3) a superior skill that
senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "art" in the given sentence is:3) a superior skill that
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "peculiar" in the given sentence is:2) unique or specific to a
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "peculiar" in the given sentence is:2) unique or specific to a
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) an Indo-European language
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) an Indo-European language
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peculiarities" in the given sentence is: "an odd or unusual characteristic."
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peculiarities" in the given sentence is: "an odd or unusual characteristic."
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "unintelligible" in the given sentence is: "not clearly understood or expressed." This
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "unintelligible" in the given sentence is: "not clearly understood or expressed." This
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable definition of "rest" in the context of the sentence is:3) a pause for relaxation
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable definition of "rest" in the context of the sentence is:3) a pause for relaxation
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:1) everything that exists anywhere
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:1) everything that exists anywhere
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "scenes" in this context is:3) the visual percept of a region
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "scenes" in this context is:3) the visual percept of a region
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evoke" in the given sentence is:1) call forth (
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evoke" in the given sentence is:1) call forth (
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loveliest" in the given context is:1) appealing to the emotions
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loveliest" in the given context is:1) appealing to the emotions
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "ancient" in the given context is:2) very old
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "ancient" in the given context is:2) very old
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stone" in the given sentence is:1) a lump or mass of
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stone" in the given sentence is:1) a lump or mass of
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in this context is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in this context is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "stands" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "stands" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level open land
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level open land
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable definition for "cascading" in the given sentence is:1) rush down in big quantities
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable definition for "cascading" in the given sentence is:1) rush down in big quantities
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	1) a structure taller than its diameter; can stand alone or be attached to a larger building
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	1) a structure taller than its diameter; can stand alone or be attached to a larger building
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable definition for "calling" in this context is:25) utter in a loud voice or
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable definition for "calling" in this context is:25) utter in a loud voice or
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable definition of "faithful" in this context is:2) a group of people who ad
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable definition of "faithful" in this context is:2) a group of people who ad
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evensong" in the given sentence is:1) the sixth of the
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evensong" in the given sentence is:1) the sixth of the
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "stop" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt,
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "stop" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt,
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "door" in the given sentence is:2) the entrance (the space in a
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "door" in the given sentence is:2) the entrance (the space in a
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who comp
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who comp
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "always" in the given sentence is:1) at all times; all the
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "always" in the given sentence is:1) at all times; all the
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "men" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "men" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "pull" in the given sentence is:9) cause to move in a
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "pull" in the given sentence is:9) cause to move in a
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is "a strong line." This definition is appropriate because the
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is "a strong line." This definition is appropriate because the
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is:1) same in identityThis is because
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is:1) same in identityThis is because
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "first" in this context is:2) the initial timeThis is because
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "first" in this context is:2) the initial timeThis is because
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable definition for "sounded" in this context is:2) make a certain noise or sound
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable definition for "sounded" in this context is:2) make a certain noise or sound
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "discordant" in the given context is:1) not in agreement or harmony
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "discordant" in the given context is:1) not in agreement or harmony
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "note" in the given context is:3) a notation representing the pitch and duration
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "note" in the given context is:3) a notation representing the pitch and duration
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "enjoying" in the given context is:1) derive or receive
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "enjoying" in the given context is:1) derive or receive
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable definition of "cool" in the given context is:1) neither warm nor very cold;
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable definition of "cool" in the given context is:1) neither warm nor very cold;
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable definition of "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the day
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable definition of "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the day
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in the given context is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in the given context is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "sets" in the given context is:1) a group of things of the same
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "sets" in the given context is:1) a group of things of the same
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given context is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given context is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given context is:1) on one occasionThis is
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given context is:1) on one occasionThis is
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" among the given options is:1) first day of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" among the given options is:1) first day of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable definition for "morning" in the given context is:1) the time period between dawn and
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable definition for "morning" in the given context is:1) the time period between dawn and
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the given context is:1) the latter part of the day
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the given context is:1) the latter part of the day
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given context is:3) the act of public worship following presc
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given context is:3) the act of public worship following presc
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is: "without any others being included or involved" (definition
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is: "without any others being included or involved" (definition
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in the given sentence is: "be left; of persons, questions,
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in the given sentence is: "be left; of persons, questions,
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "including" in this context is:3) add as part of something else; put
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "including" in this context is:3) add as part of something else; put
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "training" in this context is: 1) activity leading to skilled behavior. The youngsters
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "training" in this context is: 1) activity leading to skilled behavior. The youngsters
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "drive" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicle
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "drive" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicle
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) first day of the
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) first day of the
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "effort" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and conscient
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "effort" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and conscient
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "keep" in the given sentence is:10) maintain in a place or position
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "keep" in the given sentence is:10) maintain in a place or position
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "sounding" in this context is:2) make a certain noise or sound
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "sounding" in this context is:2) make a certain noise or sound
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "even" in the given context is:2) in spite of; notwithstanding
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "even" in the given context is:2) in spite of; notwithstanding
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given context is:1) work done by one person or group
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given context is:1) work done by one person or group
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "scrape" in the given context is:1) scratch repeatedlyThis
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "scrape" in the given context is:1) scratch repeatedlyThis
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "worker" in this context is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "worker" in this context is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "tried" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attempt
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "tried" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attempt
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "train" in the given sentence is:3) develop (children's
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "train" in the given sentence is:3) develop (children's
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "discos" in the given context is:1) popular dance music (especially in
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "discos" in the given context is:1) popular dance music (especially in
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "dances" in the given context is:3) taking a series of rhythmical
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "dances" in the given context is:3) taking a series of rhythmical
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "just" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "just" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "drift" in the given context is:2) wander from a direct course
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "drift" in the given context is:2) wander from a direct course
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "away" in the given sentence is:1) from a particular thing or place or
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "away" in the given sentence is:1) from a particular thing or place or
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worries" in the given sentence is:1) be worried, concerned,
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worries" in the given sentence is:1) be worried, concerned,
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "youth" in the given sentence is:2) young people collectively.
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "youth" in the given sentence is:2) young people collectively.
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "ranks" in the given context is:3) the ordinary members of an organization
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "ranks" in the given context is:3) the ordinary members of an organization
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "keeps" in the given sentence is:7) maintain by writing regular records
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "keeps" in the given sentence is:7) maintain by writing regular records
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "History" in the given sentence is:1) the aggregate of past events
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "History" in the given sentence is:1) the aggregate of past events
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:10) an opinion that is held in
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:10) an opinion that is held in
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survey" in this context is:3) the act of looking or seeing
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survey" in this context is:3) the act of looking or seeing
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:14) require as useful, just
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:14) require as useful, just
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "no" in this context is: "not in any degree or manner; not at all
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "no" in this context is: "not in any degree or manner; not at all
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable definition for "rung" in the given context is:3) make (bells) ring
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable definition for "rung" in the given context is:3) make (bells) ring
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sundays" in the given sentence is: first day of the week; observed as
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sundays" in the given sentence is: first day of the week; observed as
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "ring" in this context is:3) make (bells) ring
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "ring" in this context is:3) make (bells) ring
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "easy" in the given sentence is:1) posing no
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "easy" in the given sentence is:1) posing no
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ancient" in the given sentence is: "very old". This definition fits
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ancient" in the given sentence is: "very old". This definition fits
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "art" in the given sentence is:1) the products of human
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "art" in the given sentence is:1) the products of human
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in this context is:1) used to form the comparative of
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in this context is:1) used to form the comparative of
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "version" in the given context is:2) something a little different from others of
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "version" in the given context is:2) something a little different from others of
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "playing" in this context is:5) play on an instrument7)
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "playing" in this context is:5) play on an instrument7)
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tunes" in the given sentence is:1) a succession of notes
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tunes" in the given sentence is:1) a succession of notes
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument consisting of
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument consisting of
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continental" in the given context is:1) of or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continental" in the given context is:1) of or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Europe" among the given options is:1) the
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Europe" among the given options is:1) the
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considered" in the given sentence is:6) judge or regard; look
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considered" in the given sentence is:6) judge or regard; look
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "English" in the given sentence is:2) the people of England.The
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "English" in the given sentence is:2) the people of England.The
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The most suitable definition of "fit" in this context is:1) meeting adequate standards for a purpose
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The most suitable definition of "fit" in this context is:1) meeting adequate standards for a purpose
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is:3) with nevertheless the final resultThis
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is:3) with nevertheless the final resultThis
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	1) a person who comes from a foreign country; someone who does not owe allegiance to your country
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	1) a person who comes from a foreign country; someone who does not owe allegiance to your country
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) an Indo-European language
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) an Indo-European language
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invented" in the given context is:1) come up with (
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invented" in the given context is:1) come up with (
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "requires" in the given sentence is:3) consider obligatory; request
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "requires" in the given sentence is:3) consider obligatory; request
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "physical" in the given context is:1) involving the body as distinguished
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "physical" in the given context is:1) involving the body as distinguished
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weigh" in the given context is:1) have a certain weight
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weigh" in the given context is:1) have a certain weight
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable definition for "intense" in the given context is:2) extremely sharp or intense
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable definition for "intense" in the given context is:2) extremely sharp or intense
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mental" among the given options is:1)
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mental" among the given options is:1)
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentration" in the given context is:5) complete attention;
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentration" in the given context is:5) complete attention;
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is:4) (often plural) a
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is:4) (often plural) a
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	1) used of sounds and voices; high in pitch or frequency
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	1) used of sounds and voices; high in pitch or frequency
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bell" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bell" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "lowest" in the given context is:5) used of sounds and voices;
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "lowest" in the given context is:5) used of sounds and voices;
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition of "simple" in the given context is:1) having few parts; not complex or
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition of "simple" in the given context is:1) having few parts; not complex or
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "scale" in the given context is:6) (music) a series of notes
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "scale" in the given context is:6) (music) a series of notes
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "churches" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "churches" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (o
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (o
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "signal" in the given sentence is:1) any nonverbal action or gesture
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "signal" in the given sentence is:1) any nonverbal action or gesture
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or steps
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or steps
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "varying" in the given context is:3) be subject to change
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "varying" in the given context is:3) be subject to change
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "order" in the given context is:4) logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "order" in the given context is:4) logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "sound" in the given context is:2) make a certain noise or
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "sound" in the given context is:2) make a certain noise or
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altering" in the given context is:1) cause to change; make
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altering" in the given context is:1) cause to change; make
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steady" in the given context is:1) not subject to change or
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steady" in the given context is:1) not subject to change or
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "rhythm" in the given sentence is:3) an interval during which a recur
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "rhythm" in the given sentence is:3) an interval during which a recur
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striking" in the given context would be:3) the act of
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striking" in the given context would be:3) the act of
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variation" in the given sentence is:1) an instance of change;
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variation" in the given sentence is:1) an instance of change;
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occur" in the given sentence is:1) come to pass
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occur" in the given sentence is:1) come to pass
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is: "without any others being included or involved." (
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is: "without any others being included or involved." (
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionThis
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionThis
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:8) directions that define the way a game
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:8) directions that define the way a game
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence would be:3) indicate through a symbol,
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence would be:3) indicate through a symbol,
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "methods" in the given context is:1) a way of doing something,
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "methods" in the given context is:1) a way of doing something,
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "names" in the given context is:1) a language unit by which a
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "names" in the given context is:1) a language unit by which a
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "series" in the given sentence is:1) similar things placed in order or happening
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "series" in the given sentence is:1) similar things placed in order or happening
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "takes" in the given sentence is:2) require (time or space)
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "takes" in the given sentence is:2) require (time or space)
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprecise
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprecise
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "look" in the given sentence is:2) the act of direct
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "look" in the given sentence is:2) the act of direct
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "practice" in this context is:2) systematic training by multiple repetitions
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "practice" in this context is:2) systematic training by multiple repetitions
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in this context is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "gives" in the given sentence is:4) convey or reveal information
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "gives" in the given sentence is:4) convey or reveal information
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition; the
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "stand" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location,
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "stand" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location,
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition of "circle" in the given sentence is:4) movement once around a course
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition of "circle" in the given sentence is:4) movement once around a course
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "foot" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the leg of a
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "foot" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the leg of a
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in the given sentence is:1) at or in the front
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in the given sentence is:1) at or in the front
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stance" in the given sentence is:1) standing postureThis
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stance" in the given sentence is:1) standing postureThis
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "pulling" in the given sentence is:9) cause to move in a certain
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "pulling" in the given sentence is:9) cause to move in a certain
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "rope" in this context is: 1) a strong line. The sentence describes individuals
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "rope" in this context is: 1) a strong line. The sentence describes individuals
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "small" in the given context is:1) limited or below average in number or
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "small" in the given context is:1) limited or below average in number or
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hole" in the given sentence is:1) an opening into or through something
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hole" in the given sentence is:1) an opening into or through something
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for "high" in the given sentence is:2) (literal meaning) being at or
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for "high" in the given sentence is:2) (literal meaning) being at or
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface of
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface of
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in the given sentence is:1) a natural or artificial en
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in the given sentence is:1) a natural or artificial en
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "speaks" in the given sentence is:1) express in speechThe
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "speaks" in the given sentence is:1) express in speechThe
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:1) a strong lineThis
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:1) a strong lineThis
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seems" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seems" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "muffled" in the given sentence is: 2) deaden (a sound
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "muffled" in the given sentence is: 2) deaden (a sound
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface of
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface of
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "absorbed" in the given sentence is:1) giving or
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "absorbed" in the given sentence is:1) giving or
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is almost identical
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is almost identical
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "stare" in the given sentence is "look at with fixed eyes." This is because the
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "stare" in the given sentence is "look at with fixed eyes." This is because the
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "straight" in the given sentence is:1) without deviation
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "straight" in the given sentence is:1) without deviation
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in the given sentence would be:1) at or in the front
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in the given sentence would be:1) at or in the front
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:2) take or consume (regularly or
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:2) take or consume (regularly or
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "call" in the given sentence is number 24: "order, summon, or request
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "call" in the given sentence is number 24: "order, summon, or request
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "watch" in the given sentence is:2) follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "watch" in the given sentence is:2) follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in the given sentence would be "a strong line." In the context of the
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in the given sentence would be "a strong line." In the context of the
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:3) set the speed, duration
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:3) set the speed, duration
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable definition for "pulls" in the given context is:1) the act of pulling; applying
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable definition for "pulls" in the given context is:1) the act of pulling; applying
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Far" in the given sentence is: 2) at or to or from
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Far" in the given sentence is: 2) at or to or from
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in the given sentence is: "in or to a place that is higher
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in the given sentence is: "in or to a place that is higher
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bronze" in the given sentence is:3) made from
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bronze" in the given sentence is:3) made from
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "mounted" in this context is:1) attach to a supportThis
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "mounted" in this context is:1) attach to a supportThis
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable definition for "wheels" in the given sentence is:1) a simple machine consisting of a
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable definition for "wheels" in the given sentence is:1) a simple machine consisting of a
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "swing" in the given sentence is:3) change direction with a swing
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "swing" in the given sentence is:3) change direction with a swing
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "madly" in the given context is:1) in an uncontrolled
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "madly" in the given context is:1) in an uncontrolled
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable definition for "full" in the given context would be:2) constituting the full quantity
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable definition for "full" in the given context would be:2) constituting the full quantity
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degrees" in the given sentence is:4) a measure for arcs
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degrees" in the given sentence is:4) a measure for arcs
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable definition for "starting" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion.
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable definition for "starting" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion.
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "ending" in the given context is:3) be the end of;
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "ending" in the given context is:3) be the end of;
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable definition for the word "inverted" in the given context is:1) being in such a
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable definition for the word "inverted" in the given context is:1) being in such a
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable definition for "position" in the given sentence is:1) the particular portion of space occupied by
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable definition for "position" in the given sentence is:1) the particular portion of space occupied by
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable definition for "retard" in the given context is:1) cause to move more slowly or
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable definition for "retard" in the given context is:1) cause to move more slowly or
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for "swing" in the given context is:4) changing location by moving back and forth
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for "swing" in the given context is:4) changing location by moving back and forth
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable definition for "so" in the given sentence is:6) in the way indicated; ; ;
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable definition for "so" in the given sentence is:6) in the way indicated; ; ;
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable definition for "bell" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable definition for "bell" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable definition for "swap" in the given context is:3) exchange or interchange the positions of
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable definition for "swap" in the given context is:3) exchange or interchange the positions of
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "places" in the given context is number 15: "a position in a list
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "places" in the given context is number 15: "a position in a list
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well-known" in this context is: 1) widely or fully known. This
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well-known" in this context is: 1) widely or fully known. This
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable definition of "involving" in this context is:6) occupy or engage the interest
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable definition of "involving" in this context is:6) occupy or engage the interest
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in this context is:1) of or relating to or characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in this context is:1) of or relating to or characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in this context is:1) give a description of
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in this context is:1) give a description of
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable definition for "passion" in the given context is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable definition for "passion" in the given context is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable definition of "finds" in the given context is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable definition of "finds" in the given context is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "satisfaction" in the given context is:1
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "satisfaction" in the given context is:1
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given context is:1
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given context is:1
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "completeness" in the given context is:
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "completeness" in the given context is:
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mechanical" in the given sentence is:1
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mechanical" in the given sentence is:1
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "perfection" in the given context is:3)
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "perfection" in the given context is:3)
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "Ringers" in the given context is:2) a person who is almost
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "Ringers" in the given context is:2) a person who is almost
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "added" in the given context is:2) state or say furtherThis
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "added" in the given context is:2) state or say furtherThis
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "filled" in the given context is:1) (usually followed by `with
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "filled" in the given context is:1) (usually followed by `with
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "solemn" in the given sentence is:1) dignified and somber
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "solemn" in the given sentence is:1) dignified and somber
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "comes" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive, as
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "comes" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive, as
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for "ritual" in the given sentence would be:2) the prescribed procedure for
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for "ritual" in the given sentence would be:2) the prescribed procedure for
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable definition for "performed" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or perform an action
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable definition for "performed" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or perform an action
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "obsession" in the given context is: an unhealthy and compulsive preoccup
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "obsession" in the given context is: an unhealthy and compulsive preoccup
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "admits" in the given sentence is:1) declare to be true
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "admits" in the given sentence is:1) declare to be true
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "master" in this context is:9) an authority qualified to teach apprentices.
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "master" in this context is:9) an authority qualified to teach apprentices.
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "best" in the given context is:1) (superlative of
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "best" in the given context is:1) (superlative of
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable definition for "female" in this context is:2) characteristic of or peculiar to a woman
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable definition for "female" in this context is:2) characteristic of or peculiar to a woman
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "passion" in the given sentence is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "passion" in the given sentence is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "stays" in the given sentence is:1) stay the same; remain in
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "stays" in the given sentence is:1) stay the same; remain in
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "More" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the comparative
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "More" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the comparative
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 3) in many cases or instances. This
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 3) in many cases or instances. This
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think of" in the given sentence is:1) keep in mind for attention
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think of" in the given sentence is:1) keep in mind for attention
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is:1) the lower side of anything
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is:1) the lower side of anything
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completed" in the given sentence is:1) come or bring to a
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completed" in the given sentence is:1) come or bring to a
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worked up" in the given sentence is:2) developThis
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worked up" in the given sentence is:2) developThis
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sweat" in the given sentence is:1) salty
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sweat" in the given sentence is:1) salty
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities.
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities.
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "skip" in the given sentence is "leave suddenly". This is because the context suggests
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "skip" in the given sentence is "leave suddenly". This is because the context suggests
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a particular locality or neighborhood
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a particular locality or neighborhood
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "leaving" in the given sentence is:1) go away from
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "leaving" in the given sentence is:1) go away from
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "worship" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "worship" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "below" in the given sentence is:1) in or to a place
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "below" in the given sentence is:1) in or to a place
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "well" in the given sentence is:6) favorably; with approval
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "well" in the given sentence is:6) favorably; with approval
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	1) the body of members of an organization or group
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	1) the body of members of an organization or group
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steadily" in the given sentence is:1) at a steady rate or
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steadily" in the given sentence is:1) at a steady rate or
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable definition for "vicars" in the given context is: (3) (Church of England)
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable definition for "vicars" in the given context is: (3) (Church of England)
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "pressing" in the given context is:8) be urgentThis definition
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "pressing" in the given context is:8) be urgentThis definition
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "equally" in this context is:1) to the same degree (often
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "equally" in this context is:1) to the same degree (often
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "attend" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "attend" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable definition for "services" in the given sentence is:3) the act of public worship following presc
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable definition for "services" in the given sentence is:3) the act of public worship following presc
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given context is: (Church of England) a clerg
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given context is: (Church of England) a clerg
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:10) cause to do; cause to
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:10) cause to do; cause to
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "so" in this context is:3) in such a condition or manner, especially
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "so" in this context is:3) in such a condition or manner, especially
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "attend" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "attend" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable definition of "service" in this context is:3) the act of public worship following prescribed
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable definition of "service" in this context is:3) the act of public worship following prescribed
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable definition for "sacked" in the given context is: terminate the employment of; discharge from an
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable definition for "sacked" in the given context is: terminate the employment of; discharge from an
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "entire" in the given context is:1) constituting the
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "entire" in the given context is:1) constituting the
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable definition for "promptly" in the given context is: 1) with little or no delay.
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable definition for "promptly" in the given context is: 1) with little or no delay.
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable definition for "protest" in this context is:2) the act of protesting; a
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable definition for "protest" in this context is:2) the act of protesting; a
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "club" in the given sentence is:2) a formal association of people
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "club" in the given sentence is:2) a formal association of people
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "treated" in the given context is:1) interact in a certain way
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "treated" in the given context is:1) interact in a certain way
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	1) a structure taller than its diameter; can stand alone or be attached to a larger building
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	1) a structure taller than its diameter; can stand alone or be attached to a larger building
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:2) an approximate definition or example
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:2) an approximate definition or example
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "separate" in this context is:1) independent; not united or
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "separate" in this context is:1) independent; not united or
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people who
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people who
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "still" in the given sentence is:1) with reference to action or condition
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "still" in the given sentence is:1) with reference to action or condition
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "ring" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells)
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "ring" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells)
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "silent" in the given context is:1) marked by absence of
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "silent" in the given context is:1) marked by absence of
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "following" in the given sentence is:6) come as a logical consequence; follow
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "following" in the given sentence is:6) come as a logical consequence; follow
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given context is: (3) (Church of England)
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given context is: (3) (Church of England)
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "refuses" in the given context is:1) show unwillingness towards
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "refuses" in the given context is:1) show unwillingness towards
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "talk about" in this context is:2) discuss or mentionThe reason
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "talk about" in this context is:2) discuss or mentionThe reason
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is:1) express in wordsThe vic
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is:1) express in wordsThe vic
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given context is: (Church of England) a clerg
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given context is: (Church of England) a clerg
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is: 2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "feels" in the given context is:4) be conscious of a physical,
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "feels" in the given context is:4) be conscious of a physical,
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for "fault" in the given context is:6) responsibility for a bad situation or event
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for "fault" in the given context is:6) responsibility for a bad situation or event
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is: 2) nearest in space or position;
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is: 2) nearest in space or position;
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable definition for "altar" in the given sentence is:2) a raised structure on which gifts
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable definition for "altar" in the given sentence is:2) a raised structure on which gifts
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "So" in the given sentence is:6) in the way indicated; ;
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "So" in the given sentence is:6) in the way indicated; ;
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:4) at this time; now
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:4) at this time; now
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for "come" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something or
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for "come" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something or
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in this context is: "in or to a place that is higher."
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in this context is: "in or to a place that is higher."
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable definition for "making" in the given sentence is:5) cause to do; cause to act
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable definition for "making" in the given sentence is:5) cause to do; cause to act
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	1) used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `rattling
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	1) used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `rattling
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "exit" in the given context is:1) an opening that perm
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "exit" in the given context is:1) an opening that perm
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prayer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prayer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable definition for "admits" in the given sentence is:1) declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable definition for "admits" in the given sentence is:1) declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	2) involving or composed of different things; having more than one quality, element, or aspect; complex. - Collins
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	2) involving or composed of different things; having more than one quality, element, or aspect; complex. - Collins
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feelings" in this context is:1) the experiencing of affective
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feelings" in this context is:1) the experiencing of affective
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) some situation or event that is thought
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) some situation or event that is thought
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given context is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given context is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for "active" in the given sentence is:4) taking part in an activity
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable definition for "active" in the given sentence is:4) taking part in an activity
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	1) a person who rings church bells (as for summoning the congregation)
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	1) a person who rings church bells (as for summoning the congregation)
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "draw" in the given sentence is:16) bring or lead someone to a
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "draw" in the given sentence is:16) bring or lead someone to a
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:2) lead a certain kind of
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:2) lead a certain kind of
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:2) the general feeling that some desire
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:2) the general feeling that some desire
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable definition for "drawn" in the given sentence is:16) bring or lead someone to
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable definition for "drawn" in the given sentence is:16) bring or lead someone to
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "fuller" in the given sentence is:3) complete in extent or degree and
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "fuller" in the given sentence is:3) complete in extent or degree and
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic state or mode of living
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic state or mode of living
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given context is:1) a category of things distinguished by
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given context is:1) a category of things distinguished by
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition of "parliament" in this context is not 1) a legislative assembly in certain countries,
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition of "parliament" in this context is not 1) a legislative assembly in certain countries,
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (members
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (members
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "aims" in the given sentence is:5) intend (something) to move
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "aims" in the given sentence is:5) intend (something) to move
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improve" in this context is: 1) to make better. This definition
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improve" in this context is: 1) to make better. This definition
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "vicars" in the given context is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "vicars" in the given context is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:4) the officer who presides at the
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:4) the officer who presides at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in this context is: "expect and wish". The sentence implies that the subject
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in this context is: "expect and wish". The sentence implies that the subject
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "speak" in this context is:4) give a speech toThis
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "speak" in this context is:4) give a speech toThis
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable definition for "colleges" in this context is:2) an institution of higher education created
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable definition for "colleges" in this context is:2) an institution of higher education created
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "joys" in this context is: 1) the emotion of great happiness. The
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "joys" in this context is: 1) the emotion of great happiness. The
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell ringing" in the given context is:1) the sound of someone
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell ringing" in the given context is:1) the sound of someone
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable definition for "shortly" in the given context is:2) in the near future.
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable definition for "shortly" in the given context is:2) in the near future.
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "publish" in this context is: 2) prepare and issue for public distribution or
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "publish" in this context is: 2) prepare and issue for public distribution or
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable definition of "vicar" in this context is: (Church of England) a clergyman
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable definition of "vicar" in this context is: (Church of England) a clergyman
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entitled" in this context is: 1) give the right to. The sentence
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entitled" in this context is: 1) give the right to. The sentence
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable definition for "Care" in the given context is:5) attention and management implying responsibility
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable definition for "Care" in the given context is:5) attention and management implying responsibility
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "Says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "Says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "recognize" in the given sentence is:2) be fully aware or cogniz
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "recognize" in the given sentence is:2) be fully aware or cogniz
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "no" in this context is:3) used to express refusal or denial
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "no" in this context is:3) used to express refusal or denial
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given sentence is:1) greater than normal in degree or
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given sentence is:1) greater than normal in degree or
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order of
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order of
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:1) one of the groups
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:1) one of the groups
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive; the
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive; the
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "attacking" in the given sentence is:2) attack in speech or writing
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "attacking" in the given sentence is:2) attack in speech or writing
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "survey" in this context is:3) the act of looking or seeing or
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "survey" in this context is:3) the act of looking or seeing or
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "bellringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "bellringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is: "except that" (definition 5). The sentence implies
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is: "except that" (definition 5). The sentence implies
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable definition for "still" in this context is:1) with reference to action or condition;
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable definition for "still" in this context is:1) with reference to action or condition;
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "always" in the given sentence is:1) at all times; all the
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "always" in the given sentence is:1) at all times; all the
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable definition for the usage of "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable definition for the usage of "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) have need ofThis definition
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) have need ofThis definition
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable definition for "rung" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells) ring
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable definition for "rung" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells) ring
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "council" in the given sentence is:1) a body serving in an
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "council" in the given sentence is:1) a body serving in an
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects or services intended
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects or services intended
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for "attract" in the given sentence is: 2) be attractive to. This definition fits
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for "attract" in the given sentence is: 2) be attractive to. This definition fits
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "train" in the given sentence is:1) create by training and teaching
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "train" in the given sentence is:1) create by training and teaching
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is:3) with nevertheless the final result
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is:3) with nevertheless the final result
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given context is:3) exactlyThe sentence "Right
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given context is:3) exactlyThe sentence "Right
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "lucky" in this context is: 2) having or bringing good fortune. The speaker
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "lucky" in this context is: 2) having or bringing good fortune. The speaker
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "new" in the given context is:1) not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "new" in the given context is:1) not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	The most suitable definition for "adds" in the given context is:2) state or say further
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	The most suitable definition for "adds" in the given context is:2) state or say further
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "bright" in the given context is "6) splendid". The sentence is using
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "bright" in the given context is "6) splendid". The sentence is using
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sign" in the given sentence is:8) an event that is experienced as
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sign" in the given sentence is:8) an event that is experienced as
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entered" in the given sentence is:2) become a participant; be
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entered" in the given sentence is:2) become a participant; be
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:3) at a previous time
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:3) at a previous time
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable definition of "field" in the given sentence is:7) a particular environment or walk of life
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable definition of "field" in the given sentence is:7) a particular environment or walk of life
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "third" in the given sentence is:3) following the second position in an ordering
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "third" in the given sentence is:3) following the second position in an ordering
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "accepted" in the given sentence "They are not accepted everywhere, however" is:
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "accepted" in the given sentence "They are not accepted everywhere, however" is:
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell-ringing" among the given options is:1) the sound of
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell-ringing" among the given options is:1) the sound of
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members)
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members)
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "founded" in this context is:1) set up or founded
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "founded" in this context is:1) set up or founded
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in this context is:1) stay the same; remain in
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in this context is:1) stay the same; remain in
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in this context is:1) a piece of information about circumstances that
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in this context is:1) a piece of information about circumstances that
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "particularly" in this context is:2) specifically or especially distinguished from others
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "particularly" in this context is:2) specifically or especially distinguished from others
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members)
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members)
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable definition for "most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative.
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable definition for "most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative.
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in this context is:2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in this context is:2) a place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for "filed" in the given context is:4) file a formal charge against
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for "filed" in the given context is:4) file a formal charge against
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable definition of "suit" in this context is definition number 2: "a comprehensive term for any proceeding
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable definition of "suit" in this context is definition number 2: "a comprehensive term for any proceeding
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "extent" in the given context is:1) the point or degree to which
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "extent" in the given context is:1) the point or degree to which
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved (definition
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved (definition
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "surfaced" in the given context is:1) come to the surface
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "surfaced" in the given context is:1) come to the surface
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	1) the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	1) the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable definition of "series" in the given context is:1) similar things placed in order or happening
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable definition of "series" in the given context is:1) similar things placed in order or happening
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "letters" in the given context is:1) a written message addressed to a
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "letters" in the given context is:1) a written message addressed to a
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	1) a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	1) a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church b
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "writer" in this context is:2) a person who is able to write and
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "writer" in this context is:2) a person who is able to write and
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "signing" in the given context is:1) mark with one's signature
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "signing" in the given context is:1) mark with one's signature
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable definition of "letter" in this context is:1) a written message addressed to a person or
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable definition of "letter" in this context is:1) a written message addressed to a person or
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "male" in the given context is:1) an animal that produces gametes
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "male" in the given context is:1) an animal that produces gametes
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "remarked" in the given context is: make mention of. This is because the
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "remarked" in the given context is: make mention of. This is because the
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable definition for "frequency" in the given context is:1) the number of occurrences within
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable definition for "frequency" in the given context is:1) the number of occurrences within
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "suggested" in this context is:1) make a proposal, declare a
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "suggested" in this context is:1) make a proposal, declare a
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "back" in this context is:3) in or to or toward an original
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "back" in this context is:3) in or to or toward an original
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "traditional" in this context is:1) consisting of or derived from tradition
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "traditional" in this context is:1) consisting of or derived from tradition
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "role" in the given context is:1) the actions and activities
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "role" in the given context is:1) the actions and activities
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable definition for "making" in this context is:1) engage inThe writer is suggesting
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable definition for "making" in this context is:1) engage inThe writer is suggesting
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable definition of "tea" in this context is:1) a beverage made by steeping
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable definition of "tea" in this context is:1) a beverage made by steeping
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in the given context is:4) the social act of as
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in the given context is:4) the social act of as
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable definition of "torrent" in the given context is:3) an overwhelming number or amount
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable definition of "torrent" in the given context is:3) an overwhelming number or amount
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "replies" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "replies" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "followed" in the given context is:6) come after in time, as
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "followed" in the given context is:6) come after in time, as
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable definition for "observed" in the given context is:2) make mention ofThis
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable definition for "observed" in the given context is:2) make mention ofThis
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable definition for "average" in the given context is:2) lacking special distinction, rank,
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable definition for "average" in the given context is:2) lacking special distinction, rank,
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable definition for "male" in this context is: 2) characteristic of a man. The sentence is
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable definition for "male" in this context is: 2) characteristic of a man. The sentence is
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable definition for "badly" in the given context is:2) (`ill' is often
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable definition for "badly" in the given context is:2) (`ill' is often
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable definition of "dressed" in the given sentence is:1) dressed or clothed especially
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable definition of "dressed" in the given sentence is:1) dressed or clothed especially
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The most suitable definition for "large" in the given context is:1) above average in size or number or
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The most suitable definition for "large" in the given context is:1) above average in size or number or
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The most suitable definition for "unwashed" in the given context is:3) not cleaned with or as
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The most suitable definition for "unwashed" in the given context is:3) not cleaned with or as
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "wrote" in this context is:4) communicate (with) in writing
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "wrote" in this context is:4) communicate (with) in writing
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is because
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is because
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "never" in this context is: not ever; at no time in the past or future
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "never" in this context is: not ever; at no time in the past or future
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "known" in the given context is:1) be cognizant or aware of
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "known" in the given context is:1) be cognizant or aware of
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "lady" in the given context would be:1) a polite name for any
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "lady" in the given context would be:1) a polite name for any
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "belfry" in the given sentence is: a room (often at the top of
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "belfry" in the given sentence is: a room (often at the top of
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the given sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless them
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the given sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless them
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "die" in the given sentence is:1) pass from physical life
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "die" in the given sentence is:1) pass from physical life
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Medical" in the given context is:1) relating to the study or
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Medical" in the given context is:1) relating to the study or
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "starting" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "starting" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "handful" in the given sentence is:1) a small number or amount
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "handful" in the given sentence is:1) a small number or amount
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in this context is: 1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in this context is: 1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unleash" in the given context is:3) turn loose or free
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unleash" in the given context is:3) turn loose or free
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "chaotic" in the given context is:1) lacking a visible order or organization
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "chaotic" in the given context is:1) lacking a visible order or organization
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:6) (pathology) an
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:6) (pathology) an
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "characterizes" in the given sentence is:1) describe or portray the
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "characterizes" in the given sentence is:1) describe or portray the
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judg
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judg
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is: 2) of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is: 2) of the immediate past or just previous to
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "months" in the given sentence is:2) a time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "months" in the given sentence is:2) a time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "develops" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "develops" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understanding" in the given sentence is:1) the cognitive condition of someone
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understanding" in the given sentence is:1) the cognitive condition of someone
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expected" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable or likely
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expected" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable or likely
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "produce" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or yield
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "produce" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or yield
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "array" in the given sentence is:1) an orderly arrangement
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "array" in the given sentence is:1) an orderly arrangement
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategies" in the given sentence is: an elaborate and systematic plan of action (
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategies" in the given sentence is: an elaborate and systematic plan of action (
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the given sentence is:1) yet to be or coming
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the given sentence is:1) yet to be or coming
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "developing" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unf
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "developing" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unf
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "identified" in the given sentence is:1) recognize as being; establish the
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "identified" in the given sentence is:1) recognize as being; establish the
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "first" in this context is:1) preceding all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "first" in this context is:1) preceding all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable definition of "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable definition of "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for "otherwise" in this context is:1) in other respects or ways
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for "otherwise" in this context is:1) in other respects or ways
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the given context is:1) having or indicating good health
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the given context is:1) having or indicating good health
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is:1) a human beingThis
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is:1) a human beingThis
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "likely" in this context is:1) has a good chance of being the case
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "likely" in this context is:1) has a good chance of being the case
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for "get" in this context is:13) be stricken by an illness,
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for "get" in this context is:13) be stricken by an illness,
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "set" in the given context is:1) a group of things of the same
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "set" in the given context is:1) a group of things of the same
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "found" in the given context is:8) make a discovery, make
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "found" in the given context is:8) make a discovery, make
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "Only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatThis is because
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "Only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatThis is because
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 10
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 10
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "molecular" in the given context is:1) relating to or produced by
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "molecular" in the given context is:1) relating to or produced by
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given context is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given context is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "accumulation" in the given sentence is:1) an increase by natural growth
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "accumulation" in the given sentence is:1) an increase by natural growth
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "altered" in the given context is:1) changed in form or character without
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "altered" in the given context is:1) changed in form or character without
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "initiate" in the given sentence is:2) take the lead or initiative in
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "initiate" in the given sentence is:2) take the lead or initiative in
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "then" in this context is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "then" in this context is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "propel" in the given context is: "cause to move forward with force." This
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "propel" in the given context is: "cause to move forward with force." This
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "deadly" in the given sentence is:1) causing or capable of
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "deadly" in the given sentence is:1) causing or capable of
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable definition for "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect to
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable definition for "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect to
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "call" in the given sentence is:22) lure by imitating the
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "call" in the given sentence is:22) lure by imitating the
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "class" in the given sentence is:1) a collection of things sharing a
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "class" in the given sentence is:1) a collection of things sharing a
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "simply" in the given sentence is:4) in a simple manner; without
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "simply" in the given sentence is:4) in a simple manner; without
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functioning" in the given sentence is:2) serve a purpose, role
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functioning" in the given sentence is:2) serve a purpose, role
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the given sentence is:2) give certain properties to something
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the given sentence is:2) give certain properties to something
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "hold" in the given sentence is:7) maintain (a theory, thoughts,
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "hold" in the given sentence is:7) maintain (a theory, thoughts,
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "radiation" in the given sentence is:1) energy that is
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "radiation" in the given sentence is:1) energy that is
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "work" in the given sentence is:13) have and exert
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "work" in the given sentence is:13) have and exert
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "turn" in the given context is:12) cause to move around an axis
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "turn" in the given context is:12) cause to move around an axis
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the given sentence is:1) recognize as being; establish
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the given sentence is:1) recognize as being; establish
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differ" in this context is: 1) be different. The newly identified genes
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differ" in this context is: 1) be different. The newly identified genes
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the given sentence is:3) a collection of things sharing a
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the given sentence is:3) a collection of things sharing a
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "discovered" in the given sentence is:1) discover or determine the
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "discovered" in the given sentence is:1) discover or determine the
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in this context is:1) at or near the beginning of
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in this context is:1) at or near the beginning of
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "called" in this context is:24) order, summon, or request for
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "called" in this context is:24) order, summon, or request for
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "present" in the given context is:1) temporal sense; intermediate between past and
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "present" in the given context is:1) temporal sense; intermediate between past and
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "become" in this context is:1) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "become" in this context is:1) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	1) conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type or social norm; not abnormal
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	1) conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type or social norm; not abnormal
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given context is:1) relating to or affected
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given context is:1) relating to or affected
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "suggesting" in this context is:3) imply as a possibility.
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "suggesting" in this context is:3) imply as a possibility.
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "cause" in this context is: "give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "cause" in this context is: "give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable definition of "cancer" among the given options is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable definition of "cancer" among the given options is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is 1) new. The sentence implies that the belief about
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is 1) new. The sentence implies that the belief about
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "months" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "months" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "come" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive, as
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "come" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive, as
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "believe" in this context is:1) accept as true; take
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "believe" in this context is:1) accept as true; take
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable definition for "turn" in the given sentence is:16) cause to change or turn into
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable definition for "turn" in the given sentence is:16) cause to change or turn into
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is:2) without any others being included or involved
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is:2) without any others being included or involved
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:3) matter to be printed;
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:3) matter to be printed;
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable definition of "parent" in the given sentence is:1) an organism (plant or animal
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable definition of "parent" in the given sentence is:1) an organism (plant or animal
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in this context is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in this context is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "needed" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "needed" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "control" in the given sentence is:3) handle and cause to function
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "control" in the given sentence is:3) handle and cause to function
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for the term "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for the term "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arise" in the given context is:1) come into existence; take
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arise" in the given context is:1) come into existence; take
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "impaired" in the given context is: 1) diminished in strength, quality
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "impaired" in the given context is: 1) diminished in strength, quality
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the given sentence is:1) a human beingThis
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the given sentence is:1) a human beingThis
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "born" in this context is:5) bring forth,This definition is
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "born" in this context is:5) bring forth,This definition is
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "early" in this context is:2) before the usual time or the time
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "early" in this context is:2) before the usual time or the time
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:4) the condition of living or the state of
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:4) the condition of living or the state of
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this context is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this context is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is:2) without any others being included or involved
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is:2) without any others being included or involved
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable definition for "lose" in the given context is:1) fail to keep or to maintain
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable definition for "lose" in the given context is:1) fail to keep or to maintain
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Emerging" in the given sentence is:2) coming into existence
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Emerging" in the given sentence is:2) coming into existence
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to or
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to or
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `to
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "individuals" in this context is: 1) a human being. This is because
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "individuals" in this context is: 1) a human being. This is because
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "believe" in the given context is:1) accept as true;
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "believe" in the given context is:1) accept as true;
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable definition of "age" in this context is:3) a time of life (usually defined
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable definition of "age" in this context is:3) a time of life (usually defined
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beneficiaries" in the given sentence is:1) the recipient of
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beneficiaries" in the given sentence is:1) the recipient of
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:3) something that is found
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:3) something that is found
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this context is: 2) a pair of people who live together.
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this context is: 2) a pair of people who live together.
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for the usage of "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for the usage of "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "even" in this context is: "used as an intensive especially to indicate something unexpected."
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	1) earlier in time; previously
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "even" in this context is: "used as an intensive especially to indicate something unexpected."
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	1) earlier in time; previously
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "became" in this context is:2) undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	1) carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new life
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "became" in this context is:2) undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	1) carrying developing offspring within the body or being about to produce new life
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "child" in this context is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "child" in this context is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "chance" in this context is:4) a measure of how likely it is
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "chance" in this context is:4) a measure of how likely it is
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occurs" in the given sentence is:1) come to pass
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occurs" in the given sentence is:1) come to pass
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for "about" in this context is:1) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for "about" in this context is:1) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "once" in this context is:1) on one occasionThis is because
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "once" in this context is:1) on one occasionThis is because
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "births" in this context is:2) the event of being born
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "births" in this context is:2) the event of being born
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "carried" in the given sentence is:7) contain or hold; have within
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "carried" in the given sentence is:7) contain or hold; have within
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is: 1) harmed or injured or spoiled.
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is: 1) harmed or injured or spoiled.
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "lost" in the given sentence is:3) suffer the loss of a person
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "lost" in the given sentence is:3) suffer the loss of a person
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is:3) with nevertheless the final resultThis
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is:3) with nevertheless the final resultThis
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mother" in the given sentence is:1) a woman who has given birth
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mother" in the given sentence is:1) a woman who has given birth
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in the given context is:1) undergo or be subject
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in the given context is:1) undergo or be subject
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is:1) same in identityThis is because
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is:1) same in identityThis is because
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable definition of "fate" in the given context is:3) your overall circumstances or condition in
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable definition of "fate" in the given context is:3) your overall circumstances or condition in
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable definition for "baby" in the given sentence is:1) a very young child (b
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable definition for "baby" in the given sentence is:1) a very young child (b
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "isolation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of isolating something
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "isolation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of isolating something
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "became" in this context is: 2) undergo a change or development. This
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "became" in this context is: 2) undergo a change or development. This
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this context is: 1) capable of happening or existing. This definition fits
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "possible" in this context is: 1) capable of happening or existing. This definition fits
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "find out" in this context is:3) find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "find out" in this context is:3) find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "threat" in this context is: 1) something that is a source of danger.
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "threat" in this context is: 1) something that is a source of danger.
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "baby" in this context is:1) a very young child (birth
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "baby" in this context is:1) a very young child (birth
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "faced" in the given sentence is:7) turn so as to expose
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "faced" in the given sentence is:7) turn so as to expose
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "using" in this context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "using" in this context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in this context is:1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in this context is:1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in the given context is: 2) of or relating to or produced by
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in the given context is: 2) of or relating to or produced by
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "little" in this context is:3) (of children and animals) young
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "little" in this context is:3) (of children and animals) young
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this context is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this context is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is: 1) harmed or injured or spoiled.
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is: 1) harmed or injured or spoiled.
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable definition for "faced" in the given context is:7) turn so as to expose the face
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable definition for "faced" in the given context is:7) turn so as to expose the face
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	The most suitable definition for "more" in this context is:2) (comparative of `many' used
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	The most suitable definition for "more" in this context is:2) (comparative of `many' used
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable definition of "risk" in this context is:1) a source of danger; a possibility
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable definition of "risk" in this context is:1) a source of danger; a possibility
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable definition for "developing" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unf
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable definition for "developing" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unf
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:5) make or cause to be or to
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:5) make or cause to be or to
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is:1) a human beingThe
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is:1) a human beingThe
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "expect" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable or likely
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "expect" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable or likely
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Equally" in the given sentence is:1) to the same degree (
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Equally" in the given sentence is:1) to the same degree (
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given context is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given context is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "controls" in the given context is:1) exercise authoritative control or power over
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "controls" in the given context is:1) exercise authoritative control or power over
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for "named" in the given context is:5) mention and identify by nameThis
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for "named" in the given context is:5) mention and identify by nameThis
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable definition for "opened" in the given context is:2) start to operate or function or
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable definition for "opened" in the given context is:2) start to operate or function or
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable definition for "recent" in the given context is 1) new. The sentence implies that the explosion
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable definition for "recent" in the given context is 1) new. The sentence implies that the explosion
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable definition for "months" in the given sentence is:2) a time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable definition for "months" in the given sentence is:2) a time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable definition for "exploded" in the given context is:10) increase rapidly and in an
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable definition for "exploded" in the given context is:10) increase rapidly and in an
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given context is:1) be shown or be
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given context is:1) be shown or be
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "studying" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and subject to
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "studying" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and subject to
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tragic" in the given sentence is: "very sad; especially involving grief
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tragic" in the given sentence is: "very sad; especially involving grief
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "uncommon" in the given context is: not common or ordinarily encountered; unusually great
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "uncommon" in the given context is: not common or ordinarily encountered; unusually great
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "made" in this context is:5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	1) capable of happening or existing
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "made" in this context is:5) give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	1) capable of happening or existing
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "fundamental" in this context is: "being or involving basic facts or principles." This
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for "fundamental" in this context is: "being or involving basic facts or principles." This
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable definition for "insights" in this context is:1) clear or deep perception of a situation
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable definition for "insights" in this context is:1) clear or deep perception of a situation
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for "basic" in the given context is:2) reduced to the simplest and most
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for "basic" in the given context is:2) reduced to the simplest and most
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable definition for "director" in the given context is:4) the person who directs the
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable definition for "director" in the given context is:4) the person who directs the
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in this context is:1) people in general considered as a whole
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in this context is:1) people in general considered as a whole
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in this context is:1) feeling or showing worry or sol
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in this context is:1) feeling or showing worry or sol
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "advances" in the given context is:2) a change for the better;
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "advances" in the given context is:2) a change for the better;
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve a
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve a
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "basic" in the given context is:1) pertaining to or constituting
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "basic" in the given context is:1) pertaining to or constituting
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "begin" in this context is:1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "begin" in this context is:1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "showing" in the given context is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "showing" in the given context is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis is because
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "there" in this context is:2) in that matter
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis is because
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "there" in this context is:2) in that matter
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (o
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (o
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spring" in the given sentence is:1) the season of growth
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spring" in the given sentence is:1) the season of growth
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result of an
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result of an
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence,
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence,
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable definition for "called" in the given sentence is:2) assign a specified (usually proper
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable definition for "called" in the given sentence is:2) assign a specified (usually proper
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable definition for "impaired" in the given sentence is: 1) make worse or less effective.
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable definition for "impaired" in the given sentence is: 1) make worse or less effective.
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable definition for "turns" in the given sentence is:16) cause to change or turn
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable definition for "turns" in the given sentence is:16) cause to change or turn
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "colon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "colon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancerous" in the given sentence is:1) relating to
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancerous" in the given sentence is:1) relating to
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "teams" in this context is:2) two or more individuals or groups working
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable definition for "teams" in this context is:2) two or more individuals or groups working
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this context is:2) an indication that makes something evident.
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this context is:2) an indication that makes something evident.
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "same" in this context is:1) same in identityThis
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "same" in this context is:1) same in identityThis
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "present" in this context is:1) temporal sense; intermediate between past
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "present" in this context is:1) temporal sense; intermediate between past
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for "forms" in the given sentence is:2) a category of things distinguished by some
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for "forms" in the given sentence is:2) a category of things distinguished by some
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable definition for "killing" in the given sentence is "deprive of life" (definition 9).
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable definition for "killing" in the given sentence is "deprive of life" (definition 9).
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable definition for "Americans" in the given sentence is:1) a native or inhabitant of
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable definition for "Americans" in the given sentence is:1) a native or inhabitant of
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given context is:2) immediatelyThis is because the
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given context is:2) immediatelyThis is because the
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "about" in this context is:1) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "about" in this context is:1) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "laboratories" in the given sentence is:1) a workplace for the
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "laboratories" in the given sentence is:1) a workplace for the
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for "racing" in this context is:3) to work as fast as possible towards a
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for "racing" in this context is:3) to work as fast as possible towards a
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judg
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judg
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "alone" in this context is: 1) without any others being included or involved. This
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for "alone" in this context is: 1) without any others being included or involved. This
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "combination" in the given sentence is:1) a collection of things that have
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "combination" in the given sentence is:1) a collection of things that have
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "crucial" in the given context is:1) of extreme importance; vital
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "crucial" in the given context is:1) of extreme importance; vital
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable definition of "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something passes
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable definition of "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something passes
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "scourges" in the given context is: 2) something causing misery or death
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "scourges" in the given context is: 2) something causing misery or death
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "brain" in the given sentence is:1) that part of the central nervous
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "brain" in the given sentence is:1) that part of the central nervous
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable definition for "skin" in the given sentence is:1) a natural protective body covering and site
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable definition for "skin" in the given sentence is:1) a natural protective body covering and site
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition for "cervix" in the given context is: 2) necklike opening to the ut
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition for "cervix" in the given context is: 2) necklike opening to the ut
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in the given context is:2) an indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in the given context is:2) an indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this context is:1) (plural) any group of human
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "inherit" in the given context is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this context is:1) (plural) any group of human
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "inherit" in the given context is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "versions" in this context is:2) something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "versions" in this context is:2) something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this context is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "especially" in this context is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "explaining" in this context is: make plain and comprehensible. The sentence suggests that the
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "explaining" in this context is: make plain and comprehensible. The sentence suggests that the
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "finally" in this context is: 2) as the end result of a succession
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "finally" in this context is: 2) as the end result of a succession
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable definition for "seem" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable definition for "seem" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable definition for "certain" in the given context is:1) definite but not specified or
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable definition for "certain" in the given context is:1) definite but not specified or
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable definition of "families" in the given context is:4) people descended from a
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable definition of "families" in the given context is:4) people descended from a
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "story" in the given sentence is:4) a record or narrative description of
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	1) belong to an earlier time
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "story" in the given sentence is:4) a record or narrative description of
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	1) belong to an earlier time
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable definition for "named" in this context is:5) mention and identify by nameThis is
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable definition for "named" in this context is:5) mention and identify by nameThis is
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "proposed" in the given context is:1) make a proposal, declare a
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "proposed" in the given context is:1) make a proposal, declare a
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in the given context is:1) grow out of, have
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in the given context is:1) grow out of, have
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "separate" in the given context is:1) independent; not united or joint
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "separate" in the given context is:1) independent; not united or joint
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is: 2) of or relating to or produced
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is: 2) of or relating to or produced
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable definition for "defects" in the given context is:1) an imperfection in a
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable definition for "defects" in the given context is:1) an imperfection in a
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "theorized" in the given sentence is:2) construct a theory about
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "theorized" in the given sentence is:2) construct a theory about
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spo
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spo
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable definition of "parent" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable definition of "parent" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable definition for "normal" in this context is:1) conforming with or constituting a
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable definition for "normal" in this context is:1) conforming with or constituting a
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "developed" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unf
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "developed" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unf
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "normal" in the given sentence is:1) conforming with or
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "normal" in the given sentence is:1) conforming with or
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "prove" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "prove" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "theory" in the given sentence is:2) a tentative insight into the
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "theory" in the given sentence is:2) a tentative insight into the
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "Back" in the given sentence is:4) in or to or toward a past
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "Back" in the given sentence is:4) in or to or toward a past
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "then" in this context is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "then" in this context is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "specific" in the given context is:1) (sometimes followed by `to
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "specific" in the given context is:1) (sometimes followed by `to
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out, and
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out, and
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable definition for "pairs" in this context is:1) a set of two similar things considered
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable definition for "pairs" in this context is:1) a set of two similar things considered
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "contain" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain;
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "contain" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain;
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable definition for "gross" in the given sentence is:4) visible to the naked eye (
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable definition for "gross" in the given sentence is:4) visible to the naked eye (
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	1) capable of being seen; or open to easy view2) obvious to the eyeBoth definitions
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	1) capable of being seen; or open to easy view2) obvious to the eyeBoth definitions
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this context is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in this context is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition of "parent" in this context is:1) a father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual fact
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition of "parent" in this context is:1) a father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual fact
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out, and
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out, and
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "bit" in this context is:1) a small piece or quantity of something
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "bit" in this context is:1) a small piece or quantity of something
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "assumed" in the given sentence is:1) take to be the case or
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "assumed" in the given sentence is:1) take to be the case or
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contained" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contained" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loss" in the given sentence is:1) something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loss" in the given sentence is:1) something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "critical" in the given sentence is:5) forming or having the nature of
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "critical" in the given sentence is:5) forming or having the nature of
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "setting off" in the given context is:1) put in motion or move
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "setting off" in the given context is:1) put in motion or move
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (o
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scientific" in the given sentence is:1) of or
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (o
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context would be:2) two or more individuals who
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scientific" in the given sentence is:1) of or
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context would be:2) two or more individuals who
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "led" in the given sentence is "7) be in charge of". This definition fits because
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (o
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "led" in the given sentence is "7) be in charge of". This definition fits because
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (o
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:8) make a discovery, make a new
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:8) make a discovery, make a new
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:2) a statement that solves a problem
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "team" in the given sentence would be:1) a cooperative unit (especially
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:2) a statement that solves a problem
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "team" in the given sentence would be:1) a cooperative unit (especially
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "battery" in the given sentence is:3) a collection of related things intended for
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "battery" in the given sentence is:3) a collection of related things intended for
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "developed" in the given sentence is:1) make something new, such as
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to or
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "developed" in the given sentence is:1) make something new, such as
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to or
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable definition for "material" in the given sentence is:2) information (data or ideas or observations
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presence" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being present
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable definition for "material" in the given sentence is:2) information (data or ideas or observations
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presence" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being present
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "analyzing" in this context is:1) consider in detail and subject to an
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "analyzing" in this context is:1) consider in detail and subject to an
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "extracted" in the given sentence is:1) remove, usually with some force
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "extracted" in the given sentence is:1) remove, usually with some force
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "eye" in this context is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "eye" in this context is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "defects" in this context is:1) an imperfection in a bod
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "defects" in this context is:1) an imperfection in a bod
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "second" in this context is:1) coming next after the first in position in
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for "second" in this context is:1) coming next after the first in position in
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for "exact" in this context is:1) marked by strict and particular and complete
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for "exact" in this context is:1) marked by strict and particular and complete
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable definition for "first" in this context is:1) preceding all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable definition for "first" in this context is:1) preceding all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	1) the act of determining the properties of something, usually by research or calculationWhile the other definitions could potentially
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	1) the act of determining the properties of something, usually by research or calculationWhile the other definitions could potentially
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for some
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for some
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "loss" in the given sentence is:1) something that is lostThis
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "loss" in the given sentence is:1) something that is lostThis
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:3) matter to be printed; exclusive
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:3) matter to be printed; exclusive
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable definition for "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identityThis is
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable definition for "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identityThis is
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "lead" in the given sentence is:3) tend to or result in
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "lead" in the given sentence is:3) tend to or result in
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable definition for "eruption" in the given sentence is:2) symptom consisting of a
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable definition for "eruption" in the given sentence is:2) symptom consisting of a
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "satisfying" in the given context is:3) providing a
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "satisfying" in the given context is:3) providing a
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "true" in the given sentence is:1) consistent with fact or reality
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "true" in the given sentence is:1) consistent with fact or reality
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "true" in the given sentence is:1) consistent with fact or reality
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "true" in the given sentence is:1) consistent with fact or reality
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "audacious" in the given sentence "It was an audacious claim" is
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the given sentence "It was an audacious claim" is:2
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "audacious" in the given sentence "It was an audacious claim" is
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	1) (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the given sentence "It was an audacious claim" is:2
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "believed" in this context is:1) accept as true; take to
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	1) (used of living things especially persons) in an early period of life or development or growth
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "right" in the given context is:5) correct in opinion or judgment
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "believed" in this context is:1) accept as true; take to
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "set out" in the given context is:1) take the first step or steps
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "right" in the given context is:5) correct in opinion or judgment
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "repeat" in the given context is:2) make or do or perform
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "set out" in the given context is:1) take the first step or steps
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "experiment" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "repeat" in the given context is:2) make or do or perform
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "experiment" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied; - the White Queen
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied; - the White Queen
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "teams" in this context is:2) two or more individuals, animals,
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is:2) announce as the result of an investigation or
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "teams" in this context is:2) two or more individuals, animals,
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable definition for "dual" in the given sentence is:1) consisting of or involving two parts
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is:2) announce as the result of an investigation or
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the given sentence is:1) something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable definition for "dual" in the given sentence is:1) consisting of or involving two parts
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "childhood" in the given sentence is:1) the time of a person
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the given sentence is:1) something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "childhood" in the given sentence is:1) the time of a person
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) give a name to, usually
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "turned" in this context is: "direct one's interest or attention towards; go
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) give a name to, usually
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the given sentence is:1) the process whereby a
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "turned" in this context is: "direct one's interest or attention towards; go
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the given sentence is:1) the process whereby a
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "biggest" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size or
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "biggest" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size or
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killer" in the given sentence is:1) someone who causes the death
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killer" in the given sentence is:1) someone who causes the death
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "believed" in this context is:1) accept as true; take to
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable definition for "arise" in the given context is:1) come into existence; take on
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "believed" in this context is:1) accept as true; take to
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable definition for "arise" in the given context is:1) come into existence; take on
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instances.
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	The most suitable definition for "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instances.
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	The most suitable definition for "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable definition for "stages" in the given context is:2) a specific identifiable position in
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable definition for "stages" in the given context is:2) a specific identifiable position in
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "preceded" in the given context is:2) come before
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "preceded" in the given context is:2) come before
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given context is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given context is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in this context is: 2) undergo a change or development.
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stages" in the given sentence is:2) a specific identifiable position
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in this context is: 2) undergo a change or development.
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable definition for "progressing" in this context is: 2) move forward, also in the metaphor
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stages" in the given sentence is:2) a specific identifiable position
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	1) used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable definition for "progressing" in this context is: 2) move forward, also in the metaphor
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable definition for "severe" in the given context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	1) used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deadly" in the given context is:1) causing or capable of causing
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable definition for "severe" in the given context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating to or
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deadly" in the given context is:1) causing or capable of causing
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given context is:1) the occurrence of a
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating to or
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	1) come to pass
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given context is:1) the occurrence of a
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "student" in this context is: "a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	1) come to pass
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for "student" in this context is: "a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:2) a time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "tedious" in the given context is:1) so lacking in interest
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:2) a time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "tedious" in the given context is:1) so lacking in interest
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "searching" in this context is:1) try to locate or discover,
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "signs" in the given context is:1) a perceptible indication of
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "searching" in this context is:1) try to locate or discover,
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "signs" in the given context is:1) a perceptible indication of
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given context is:1) the occurrence of a
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "began" in this context is:1) take the first step or steps
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given context is:1) the occurrence of a
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "confusing" in this context is:1) causing confusion or disorient
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "began" in this context is:1) take the first step or steps
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable definition for "variety" in this context is:1) a collection containing a variety of sorts
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "confusing" in this context is:1) causing confusion or disorient
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is: 2) of or relating to or produced
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable definition for "variety" in this context is:1) a collection containing a variety of sorts
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable definition for "existing" in this context is:1) have an existence, be extant
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is: 2) of or relating to or produced
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is: "without any others being included or involved." (Definition
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable definition for "existing" in this context is:1) have an existence, be extant
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in this context is: "without any others being included or involved." (Definition
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "coherent" in the given sentence is:1) marked by an orderly,
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "picture" in the given sentence is:3) a clear and telling mental image
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable definition for "coherent" in the given sentence is:1) marked by an orderly,
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "picture" in the given sentence is:3) a clear and telling mental image
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerged" in the given sentence is:3) become known or apparent.
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:3) matter to be printed; exclusive
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerged" in the given sentence is:3) become known or apparent.
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:1) definite but not specified or
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:3) matter to be printed; exclusive
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "knocked out" in the given context is:1) eliminateThis is
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:1) definite but not specified or
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "knocked out" in the given context is:1) eliminateThis is
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	The most suitable definition for "then" in this context is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable definition for "deleted" in the given context is:3) cut or eliminateThis is
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	The most suitable definition for "then" in this context is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given context is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable definition for "deleted" in the given context is:3) cut or eliminateThis is
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable definition for "malignancy" in the given context is:1) (medicine)
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in the given context is:1) a small vascular growth on
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable definition for "malignancy" in the given context is:1) (medicine)
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "clear" in the given sentence is:1) readily apparent to the mind
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "clear" in the given sentence is:1) readily apparent to the mind
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "galvanized" in the given sentence is:1) to stim
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "galvanized" in the given sentence is:1) to stim
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "confirming" in the given context is:2) serving to support or corro
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this context is:2) an indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "confirming" in the given context is:2) serving to support or corro
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable definition for "needed" in the given sentence is: "have need of". This definition fits best because
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in this context is:2) an indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the given context is:1) something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable definition for "needed" in the given sentence is: "have need of". This definition fits best because
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable definition for "critical" in the given context is:4) urgently needed; absolutely necessary
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the given context is:1) something that is lost
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable definition for "critical" in the given context is:4) urgently needed; absolutely necessary
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable definition of "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something passes
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given context is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable definition of "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something passes
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given context is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:1) up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	The most suitable definition for "nail" in this context is:6) locate exactly
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:1) up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "identity" in the given context is:2) the individual characteristics by which a thing
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	The most suitable definition for "nail" in this context is:6) locate exactly
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "identity" in the given context is:2) the individual characteristics by which a thing
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable definition for "flipped" in the given context is:8) turn upside down, or throw
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "colon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the large
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable definition for "flipped" in the given context is:8) turn upside down, or throw
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "colon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the large
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	The most suitable definition for "full-blown" in the given context is:2) having or displaying
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable definition for "malignancy" in the given context is:1) (medicine)
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	The most suitable definition for "full-blown" in the given context is:2) having or displaying
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable definition for "malignancy" in the given context is:1) (medicine)
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable definition for "using" in this context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable definition for "down" in the given sentence is:1) spatially or metaphorically from
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable definition for "using" in this context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable definition for "length" in the given sentence is:1) the linear extent in space from one
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable definition for "down" in the given sentence is:1) spatially or metaphorically from
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	1) try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable definition for "length" in the given sentence is:1) the linear extent in space from one
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given context is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	1) try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence of
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable definition for "bit" in the given context is:6) a unit of measurement of information (
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given context is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is: 2) of or relating to or produced by
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable definition for "bit" in the given context is:6) a unit of measurement of information (
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable definition for "material" in the given sentence is:2) information (data or ideas or observations
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is: 2) of or relating to or produced by
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable definition for "lost" in this context is:1) fail to keep or to maintain;
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable definition for "material" in the given sentence is:2) information (data or ideas or observations
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable definition for "lost" in this context is:1) fail to keep or to maintain;
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the basis
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable definition for "constitute" in the given sentence is:1) form or compose
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the basis
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable definition for "constitute" in the given sentence is:1) form or compose
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:3) come upon after searching; find the
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:3) come upon after searching; find the
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dubious" in the given sentence is:1) fraught with
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "search" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of looking
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dubious" in the given sentence is:1) fraught with
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doubts" in this context is: 1) the state of being uns
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "search" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of looking
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in the given context is:1) grow out of, have
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doubts" in this context is: 1) the state of being uns
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in the given context is:1) grow out of, have
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable definition for "several" in this context is:1) (used with count noun
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable definition for "several" in this context is:1) (used with count noun
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earlier" in the given context is:1) earlier in time;
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation,
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earlier" in the given context is:1) earlier in time;
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiments" in this context is:1) the act of conducting a controlled
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation,
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mice" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous small rod
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiments" in this context is:1) the act of conducting a controlled
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mice" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous small rod
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable definition for "called" in this context is:1) assign a specified (usually proper)
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable definition for "transform" in the given context is:2) change or alter in form, appearance
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable definition for "called" in this context is:1) assign a specified (usually proper)
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	1) conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type or social norm; not abnormal
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable definition for "transform" in the given context is:2) change or alter in form, appearance
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	1) conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type or social norm; not abnormal
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given context is:1) relating to or affected
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in this context is:3) a single person or thing
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given context is:1) relating to or affected
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in this context is:3) a single person or thing
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	1) indicating exactness or preciseness
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identity
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	1) indicating exactness or preciseness
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "spot" in the given sentence is:1) a point located with respect to surface
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identity
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "spot" in the given sentence is:1) a point located with respect to surface
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable definition for "caused" in this context is: give rise to; cause to happen or occur,
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tum
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable definition for "caused" in this context is: give rise to; cause to happen or occur,
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable definition for "promoting" in the given context is:1) contribute to the progress or growth
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:1) any malignant growth or tum
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given context is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable definition for "promoting" in the given context is:1) contribute to the progress or growth
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in this context is: try to locate or discover, or try to establish
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given context is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable definition for "suppressed" in the context of the sentence is:5) reduce the incidence
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in this context is: try to locate or discover, or try to establish
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given context is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable definition for "suppressed" in the context of the sentence is:5) reduce the incidence
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given context is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "human" in this context is:2) relating to a person.This
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "human" in this context is:2) relating to a person.This
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable definition for "identical" in this context is:1) exactly alike; incapable of being
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable definition for "found" in this context is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned out" in this context is:2) prove to be in the
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable definition for "identical" in this context is:1) exactly alike; incapable of being
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned out" in this context is:2) prove to be in the
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable definition for "observing" in this context is:7) watch attentivelyThis
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is: 1) harmed or injured or spoiled.
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable definition for "observing" in this context is:7) watch attentivelyThis
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable definition of "form" in this context is:12) a distinct state of matter in a
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is: 1) harmed or injured or spoiled.
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable definition of "form" in this context is:12) a distinct state of matter in a
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "suddenly" in the given context is: "quickly and without warning". This definition
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "puts" in the given context is:1) put into a certain place or
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "suddenly" in the given context is: "quickly and without warning". This definition
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable definition for "right" in this context is:3) exactlyThe sentence implies that the
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "puts" in the given context is:1) put into a certain place or
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable definition for "right" in this context is:3) exactlyThe sentence implies that the
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "formation" in the given context is:3) the act of forming or establishing something
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "formation" in the given context is:3) the act of forming or establishing something
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable definition for "leader" in the given context is:1) a person who rules or guides
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable definition for "Evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable definition for "leader" in the given context is:1) a person who rules or guides
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable definition for "Evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "emerging" in the given sentence is:3) become known or apparent. This
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "emerging" in the given sentence is:3) become known or apparent. This
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	The most suitable definition for "too" in the given sentence is: 2) in addition. This is because the sentence
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	The most suitable definition for "too" in the given sentence is: 2) in addition. This is because the sentence
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "breast" in the given sentence is: either of two soft fleshy milk
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "breast" in the given sentence is: either of two soft fleshy milk
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable definition for "spot" in this context is:1) a point located with respect to surface features
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is because
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable definition for "spot" in this context is:1) a point located with respect to surface features
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is because
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "strikes" in the given sentence is:6) affect or afflict suddenly
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:2) anything that belongs to a set or
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "strikes" in the given sentence is:6) affect or afflict suddenly
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:1) definite but not specified or
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:2) anything that belongs to a set or
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable definition of "families" in the given sentence is:4) people descended from a
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:1) definite but not specified or
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable definition of "families" in the given sentence is:4) people descended from a
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable definition of "form" in the given sentence is:12) a distinct state of matter in
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable definition of "form" in the given sentence is:12) a distinct state of matter in
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "implicated" in the given sentence is: "bring into intimate and incriminating connection
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "implicated" in the given sentence is: "bring into intimate and incriminating connection
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:1) immediately pastThis is because
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:1) immediately pastThis is because
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days.
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days.
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is because
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:2) report or maintainThis is because
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable definition for "about" in this context is: (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable definition for "about" in this context is: (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this context is:8) take into one's possession
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "taken" in this context is:8) take into one's possession
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable definition for "tested" in this context is:2) test or examine for the presence of
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable definition for "missing" in this context is:9) be absent
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable definition for "tested" in this context is:2) test or examine for the presence of
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable definition for "missing" in this context is:9) be absent
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:1) up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:1) up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organ
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organ
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:8) take into one's possession
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:8) take into one's possession
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable definition for "brain" in the given sentence is:1) that part of the central nervous
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable definition for "brain" in the given sentence is:1) that part of the central nervous
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable definition for "At the same time" in the given context is: overlapping in duration (definition 2
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable definition for "At the same time" in the given context is: overlapping in duration (definition 2
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context would be:2) two or more individuals, animals,
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context would be:2) two or more individuals, animals,
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rushing" in the given context is:4) act or move at high
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rushing" in the given context is:4) act or move at high
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "hopes" in the given sentence is "expect and wish". This definition fits because
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "hopes" in the given sentence is "expect and wish". This definition fits because
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable definition for "close" in this context is:2) close in relevance or relationship
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable definition for "close" in this context is:2) close in relevance or relationship
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:8) make a discovery, make a
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:8) make a discovery, make a
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this context is:1) connected by participation or association or
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this context is:1) connected by participation or association or
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "types" in this context is:1) a subdivision of a particular kind
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "types" in this context is:1) a subdivision of a particular kind
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this context is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this context is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable definition for "believes" in this context is:1) accept as true; take to
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable definition for "believes" in this context is:1) accept as true; take to
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this context is:1) (plural) any group of human
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable definition for "people" in this context is:1) (plural) any group of human
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:3) matter to be printed; exclusive
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable definition for "especially" in the given sentence is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:3) matter to be printed; exclusive
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable definition for "especially" in the given sentence is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable definition for "reported" in the given context is:2) announce as the result of an
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable definition for "reported" in the given context is:2) announce as the result of an
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The most suitable definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the comparative of
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The most suitable definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the comparative of
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given context is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given context is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discover
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discover
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is:3) with nevertheless the final result
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is:3) with nevertheless the final result
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "speculate" in the given sentence is:1) to believe especially
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "speculate" in the given sentence is:1) to believe especially
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable definition for "major" in the given context is:1) of greater importance or stature or
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable definition for "major" in the given context is:1) of greater importance or stature or
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable definition for "unit" in this context is:2) an individual or group or structure or other
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable definition for "unit" in this context is:2) an individual or group or structure or other
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable definition for "collaborating" in this context is:1) work together on a common enterprise
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable definition for "collaborating" in this context is:1) work together on a common enterprise
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable definition for "hunters" in this context is:2) a person who searches for something
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable definition for "hunters" in this context is:2) a person who searches for something
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable definition for "turn" in the given context is:16) cause to change or turn into
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable definition for "turn" in the given context is:16) cause to change or turn into
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable definition for "discoveries" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable definition for "new" in the given context is:1) not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable definition for "new" in the given context is:1) not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judg
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judg
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable definition for "slow" in the given context is:3) cause to proceed more slowly
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable definition for "slow" in the given context is:3) cause to proceed more slowly
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable definition for "reverse" in the given context is:1) change to the contraryThis
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable definition for "reverse" in the given context is:1) change to the contraryThis
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable definition for "produced" in the given context is:1) bring forth or yield
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable definition for "produced" in the given context is:1) bring forth or yield
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:2) your intention; what you intend
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:2) your intention; what you intend
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "administer" in the given sentence is: "4) give or apply (med
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "administer" in the given sentence is: "4) give or apply (med
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable definition for "versions" in the given sentence is: "something a little different from others of the same type
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable definition for "versions" in the given sentence is: "something a little different from others of the same type
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is: 1) capable of happening or existing. This
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is: 1) capable of happening or existing. This
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "replace" in the given sentence is:1) substitute a person or thing for (
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "replace" in the given sentence is:1) substitute a person or thing for (
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating good health
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating good health
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable definition for "versions" in the given context is:2) something a little different from others of
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come close" in this context is: 1) nearly do something. This definition fits
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable definition for "versions" in the given context is:2) something a little different from others of
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come close" in this context is: 1) nearly do something. This definition fits
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "witnessing" in this context is: "be a witness to". This is because Dr
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "witnessing" in this context is: "be a witness to". This is because Dr
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "important" in the given context is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "important" in the given context is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable definition for "steps" in the given context is:5) relative position in a graded series
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genesis" in the given context is:1) a coming into being
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable definition for "steps" in the given context is:5) relative position in a graded series
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genesis" in the given context is:1) a coming into being
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "teach" in the given sentence is: "impart skills or knowledge to
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "teach" in the given sentence is: "impart skills or knowledge to
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is written
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is written
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "write" in the given sentence is:7) mark or trace on a surface
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for "write" in the given sentence is:7) mark or trace on a surface
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "reckon" in the given sentence is:4) make a mathematical calculation or computation
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "reckon" in the given sentence is:4) make a mathematical calculation or computation
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:2) know how to
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:2) know how to
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "want" in the given sentence "It's that we do not want
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "want" in the given sentence "It's that we do not want
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive for a belief
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive for a belief
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need ofThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need ofThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:2) able to accomplish a purpose; functioning
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:2) able to accomplish a purpose; functioning
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating or
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating or
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "require" in the given sentence is: "consider obligatory; request and expect". This
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "require" in the given sentence is: "consider obligatory; request and expect". This
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "relinquish" in the given sentence is: 2) do without or cease
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "relinquish" in the given sentence is: 2) do without or cease
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "metaphysical" in the given context is:1) pertaining to or
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "metaphysical" in the given context is:1) pertaining to or
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "beliefs" in the given sentence is:1) any cognitive content held as true
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable definition for "beliefs" in the given sentence is:1) any cognitive content held as true
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable definition for "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things especially
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable definition for "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things especially
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable definition for the word "violate" in the given context is:1) fail to agree with
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable definition for the word "violate" in the given context is:1) fail to agree with
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable definition of "interests" in this context is:6) a social group whose members control some
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable definition of "interests" in this context is:6) a social group whose members control some
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "beliefs" in this context is: 1) any cognitive content held as true. This
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "beliefs" in this context is: 1) any cognitive content held as true. This
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in this context is:1) to a very great extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in this context is:1) to a very great extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "dominate" in the given context is:2) be in control
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "dominate" in the given context is:2) be in control
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "establishment" in this context is:3) the persons (or committe
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "establishment" in this context is:3) the persons (or committe
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in the given context is:2) a person active in party politics
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in the given context is:2) a person active in party politics
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given context is:1) used as an intensive especially
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given context is:1) used as an intensive especially
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "parents" in the given context is:1) a father or mother; one who
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "parents" in the given context is:1) a father or mother; one who
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "blasphemous" in the given context is:1) grossly irrever
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "blasphemous" in the given context is:1) grossly irrever
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "challenge" in this context is:1) take exception to
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "challenge" in this context is:1) take exception to
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence "Here is an example" is:1)
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence "Here is an example" is:1)
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "example" in the given sentence is:1) an item of information
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "example" in the given sentence is:1) an item of information
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in this context is:5) address a question to and expect an
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in this context is:5) address a question to and expect an
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sample" in this context is:1) a small part of something intended as
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sample" in this context is:1) a small part of something intended as
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in this context is:1) a father or mother; one who
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in this context is:1) a father or mother; one who
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in this context is:2) prefer or wish to do something
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in this context is:2) prefer or wish to do something
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in this context is:1) contribute to the progress or
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in this context is:1) contribute to the progress or
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in this context is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in this context is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "mean" in the context of the sentence "But what do we mean, specifically, by ``
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence "No one can say" is:2)
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "mean" in the context of the sentence "But what do we mean, specifically, by ``
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "equated" in the given context is:1) consider or describe as similar,
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence "No one can say" is:2)
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "encourages" in the given context is: 2) inspire with confidence; give hope
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "equated" in the given context is:1) consider or describe as similar,
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "encourages" in the given context is: 2) inspire with confidence; give hope
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generation" in the given sentence is:1) all the people living at
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generation" in the given sentence is:1) all the people living at
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incompetence" in the given sentence is:1) lack of physical or
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "matched" in the given sentence is:4) be equal to in quality or ability
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incompetence" in the given sentence is:1) lack of physical or
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is "5) except that". The sentence implies that the young
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "matched" in the given sentence is:4) be equal to in quality or ability
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "good" in the given sentence would be:4) deserving of esteem
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is "5) except that". The sentence implies that the young
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opinion" in the given sentence is:1) a personal belief or
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "good" in the given sentence would be:4) deserving of esteem
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the given sentence is:1) including all components without exception
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opinion" in the given sentence is:1) a personal belief or
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given context is:1) a vague idea in which
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the given sentence is:1) including all components without exception
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given context is:1) a vague idea in which
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "romantic" in the given context is:1) belonging to or characteristic of
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rebellion" in the given context is: "organized opposition to authority; a
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "romantic" in the given context is:1) belonging to or characteristic of
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable definition of "disciplined" in the context of the given sentence is "obeying the rules."
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rebellion" in the given context is: "organized opposition to authority; a
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instruction" in the given context is:2) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable definition of "disciplined" in the context of the given sentence is "obeying the rules."
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition of "authoritarian" in the context of the given sentence is:2) expecting unquestion
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instruction" in the given context is:2) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition of "repression" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act of
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition of "authoritarian" in the context of the given sentence is:2) expecting unquestion
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "frustration" in the given sentence is:1
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition of "repression" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act of
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "latent" in the given context is: "potentially existing but not presently evident
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "frustration" in the given sentence is:1
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talents" in this context is: 1) natural abilities or qualities.
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "latent" in the given context is: "potentially existing but not presently evident
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:2) used in negative statement to
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talents" in this context is: 1) natural abilities or qualities.
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potentialities" in this context is: 1) the inherent capacity for coming
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:2) used in negative statement to
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inherent" in the given sentence is: "existing as an
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potentialities" in this context is: 1) the inherent capacity for coming
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "souls" in the given context is:1) the immaterial part
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inherent" in the given sentence is: "existing as an
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable definition of "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex.
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "souls" in the given context is:1) the immaterial part
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	1) a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable definition of "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex.
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given sentence is:15) succeed in reaching; arrive at
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	1) a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "romantic" in the given sentence is:2) expressive of
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given sentence is:15) succeed in reaching; arrive at
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "romantic" in the given sentence is:2) expressive of
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "attractive" in the given sentence is:2) having power to arou
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in this context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "attractive" in the given sentence is:2) having power to arou
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in this context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "get" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "decent" in the given context is:4) sufficient for the purpose
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "get" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "decent" in the given context is:4) sufficient for the purpose
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "demands" in this context is:2) require as useful, just,
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "commitment" in the given sentence is:2) the act of binding yourself (
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "demands" in this context is:2) require as useful, just,
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "survive" in the given sentence is:2) continue in existence after (
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "commitment" in the given sentence is:2) the act of binding yourself (
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "adolescent" in the given sentence is:2) being of the age
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "survive" in the given sentence is:2) continue in existence after (
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "illiteracy" in the given sentence is:1) ignorance resulting from not reading
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "adolescent" in the given sentence is:2) being of the age
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given context is:1) of or relating to the United
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "illiteracy" in the given sentence is:1) ignorance resulting from not reading
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given context is:1) of or relating to the United
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to come.
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "determined" in this context is:2) shape or influence; give direction
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to come.
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition of "degree" in the given context is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "determined" in this context is:2) shape or influence; give direction
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "allow" in the given context is:1) make it possible through a specific action
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition of "degree" in the given context is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "prevail" in the given context is:4) prove superior.The sentence
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "allow" in the given context is:1) make it possible through a specific action
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illusions" in the given sentence is:1) an erroneous mental
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "prevail" in the given context is:4) prove superior.The sentence
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "share" in this context is:1) have in commonThis is because
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illusions" in the given sentence is:1) an erroneous mental
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "share" in this context is:1) have in commonThis is because
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fight" in the given sentence is:2) fight against or resist strongly
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive for
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fight" in the given sentence is:2) fight against or resist strongly
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts;
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive for
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reason" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts;
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Progressive" in the given context is:1) favoring or promoting progress
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reason" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Progressive" in the given context is:1) favoring or promoting progress
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) demand payment of (a loan
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "far" in the given context is:1) to a considerable degree; very
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) demand payment of (a loan
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in this context is:1) used to form the comparative of
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "far" in the given context is:1) to a considerable degree; very
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition of "agreeable" in this context is:1) conforming to your own lik
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in this context is:1) used to form the comparative of
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition of "agreeable" in this context is:1) conforming to your own lik
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "disciplined" in the context of the given sentence is "obeying the rules".
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable definition for "instruction" in the given context is:2) the activities of educating or
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "disciplined" in the context of the given sentence is "obeying the rules".
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "nice" in the given sentence is:1) pleasant or pleasing
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable definition for "instruction" in the given context is:2) the activities of educating or
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is option 1) "a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "nice" in the given sentence is:1) pleasant or pleasing
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "think" in this context is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is option 1) "a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "personality" in the given sentence is:1) the complex of
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "think" in this context is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:1) act of improving by expanding
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "personality" in the given sentence is:1) the complex of
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in this context is:1) used as an intensive especially to indicate
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:1) act of improving by expanding
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nicer" in the given context is:1) pleasant or pleasing or
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in this context is:1) used as an intensive especially to indicate
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "minimize" in this context is:1) make small or insignific
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nicer" in the given context is:1) pleasant or pleasing or
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "tests" in this context is:2) any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "minimize" in this context is:1) make small or insignific
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable definition for "tests" in this context is:2) any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is:3) something that results. This definition fits because the
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provides" in the given sentence is:1) give something useful or necessary
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is:3) something that results. This definition fits because the
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provides" in the given sentence is:1) give something useful or necessary
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "profession" in the given sentence is:1) the body of
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "profession" in the given sentence is:1) the body of
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is number 14: "pass through a test or
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is number 14: "pass through a test or
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "philosophy" in the given context is:2) the rational investigation
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "philosophy" in the given context is:2) the rational investigation
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the given sentence is:25) be a student of
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the given sentence is:25) be a student of
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "college" in the given sentence is:2) an institution of
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "thinking" in the given sentence is:7) have in mind as a purpose
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "college" in the given sentence is:2) an institution of
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "fairly" in this context is:1) to a moderately sufficient extent
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "thinking" in the given sentence is:7) have in mind as a purpose
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given sentence is:1) give a description of
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "fairly" in this context is:1) to a moderately sufficient extent
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "pap" in the given sentence is "worthless or oversimplified ideas." The context
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given sentence is:1) give a description of
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable definition of "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in a
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "pap" in the given sentence is "worthless or oversimplified ideas." The context
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable definition of "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in a
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distinct" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distinct" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "establishment" in the given context is:3) the persons (or commit
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "establishment" in the given context is:3) the persons (or commit
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seriously" in the given sentence is:1) in a serious manner
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "committed" in the given sentence is:1) bound or obligated, as
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seriously" in the given sentence is:1) in a serious manner
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teaching" in the given sentence is:3) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "committed" in the given sentence is:1) bound or obligated, as
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "best" in this context is: (superlative of `good') having the most positive
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teaching" in the given sentence is:3) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brightest" in the given sentence is:3) characterized by quickness
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "best" in this context is: (superlative of `good') having the most positive
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generation" in the given sentence is:1) all the people living at
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brightest" in the given sentence is:3) characterized by quickness
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "very" in this context is:1) used as intensifiers;'real'
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generation" in the given sentence is:1) all the people living at
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "very" in this context is:1) used as intensifiers;'real'
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "jobs" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of work required
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:1) (often used as a
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "jobs" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of work required
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "remember" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:1) (often used as a
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truly" in the given sentence is:4) in fact (used as
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "remember" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truly" in the given sentence is:4) in fact (used as
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "proceeded" in the given sentence is:3) follow a procedure or take
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "competent" in the given context is:1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "proceeded" in the given sentence is:3) follow a procedure or take
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sense" in the given sentence is:2) the meaning of a word
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "competent" in the given context is:1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sense" in the given sentence is:2) the meaning of a word
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in this context is:3) consider or describe as similar,
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in this context is:3) a single person or thing
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in this context is:3) consider or describe as similar,
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brilliant" in the given context is:2) having or marked by
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in this context is:3) a single person or thing
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brilliant" in the given context is:2) having or marked by
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or efficient
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "serves" in the given sentence is:1) serve a purpose, role
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or efficient
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:1) (often used as a
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "serves" in the given sentence is:1) serve a purpose, role
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:1) (often used as a
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factor" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes causally
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factor" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes causally
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the given sentence is: "an unstable situation of extreme danger
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the given sentence is: "an unstable situation of extreme danger
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	3) conformity with rules or standardsIn the given sentence, "equity" is used to refer to
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	3) conformity with rules or standardsIn the given sentence, "equity" is used to refer to
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "think" in this context is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "educate" in the given sentence is: "give an education to". This
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "think" in this context is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "educate" in the given sentence is: "give an education to". This
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "better" in this context is:1) comparative of `well
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "better" in this context is:1) comparative of `well
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unions" in the given context is:1) an organization of employees formed
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	1) a person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "mind" in the given sentence is:2) be concerned with or about something or
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unions" in the given context is:1) an organization of employees formed
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is:1) distribute or disperse
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "mind" in the given sentence is:2) be concerned with or about something or
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "narrow" in the given context is:3) lacking tolerance or flexibility or bread
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is:1) distribute or disperse
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "narrow" in the given context is:3) lacking tolerance or flexibility or bread
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in the given sentence is: 2) a person active in party politics.
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given sentence is:7) get something or somebody for a specific
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in the given sentence is: 2) a person active in party politics.
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "helps" in the given context is:6) contribute to the furtherance of
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given sentence is:7) get something or somebody for a specific
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "strike" in the given sentence is:2) have an emotional or cognitive impact
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable definition for "helps" in the given context is:6) contribute to the furtherance of
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "friendly" in the given context is:2) inclined to help or support; not
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "strike" in the given sentence is:2) have an emotional or cognitive impact
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "posture" in the given context is:2) characteristic way of bearing one'
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "friendly" in the given context is:2) inclined to help or support; not
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) as the agent of or
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "posture" in the given context is:2) characteristic way of bearing one'
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) as the agent of or
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "shred" in the given context is: 1) a tiny or scarcely detectable
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief or dis
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "shred" in the given context is: 1) a tiny or scarcely detectable
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief or dis
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable definition for "equal" in this context is:1) having the same quantity, value, or
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "differentials" in the given sentence is:3) a quality that differenti
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable definition for "equal" in this context is:1) having the same quantity, value, or
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "result" in this context is:3) come about or follow as a consequence.
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "differentials" in the given sentence is:3) a quality that differenti
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "result" in this context is:3) come about or follow as a consequence.
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "differentials" in the given sentence is:3) a quality that differenti
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is: "an indication that makes something evident." This
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable definition for "differentials" in the given sentence is:3) a quality that differenti
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sure" in the given sentence is:1) having or feeling no doubt or
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is: "an indication that makes something evident." This
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "wish" in this context is:2) prefer or wish to do something
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sure" in the given sentence is:1) having or feeling no doubt or
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "serious" in the given context is:1) concerned with work or important matters
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "wish" in this context is:2) prefer or wish to do something
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	1) of or relating to the United States of America or its people or language or culture
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "serious" in the given context is:1) concerned with work or important matters
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	1) of or relating to the United States of America or its people or language or culture
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exactly" in the given context is:1) indicating exactness or prec
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "just" in the given context is:2) indicating exactness or preciseness
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exactly" in the given context is:1) indicating exactness or prec
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable definition for "important" in the given context is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "just" in the given context is:2) indicating exactness or preciseness
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this context is:1) an educational institutionThis definition
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable definition for "important" in the given context is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scattered" in the given sentence is:1) occurring or distributed
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this context is:1) an educational institutionThis definition
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "poorest" in the given context is:3) having little money or few poss
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scattered" in the given sentence is:1) occurring or distributed
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "poorest" in the given context is:3) having little money or few poss
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition of "majority" in this context is:1) the property resulting from being or relating
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "same" in this context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition of "majority" in this context is:1) the property resulting from being or relating
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "efforts" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and consc
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "efforts" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and consc
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable definition for "reform" in the given sentence is:2) a campaign aimed to correct ab
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "doomed" in the given context is:1) marked for certain death
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable definition for "reform" in the given sentence is:2) a campaign aimed to correct ab
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "really" in the given sentence is:3) in fact (used as
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "doomed" in the given context is:1) marked for certain death
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "really" in the given sentence is:3) in fact (used as
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in this context is: "have need of" (definition 2). This
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in this context is: "have need of" (definition 2). This
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "assimilate" in the given sentence is:1) take up mentally
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "respect" in the given sentence is:2) the condition of being honored (
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for "assimilate" in the given sentence is:1) take up mentally
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable definition for "mute" in the given context is:1) unable to speakIn
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "respect" in the given sentence is:2) the condition of being honored (
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rather" in this context is:2) to some (great or
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable definition for "mute" in the given context is:1) unable to speakIn
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in the given context is:1) feeling or showing worry or
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rather" in this context is:2) to some (great or
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	1) (often followed by `to') having a preference, disposition, or tendency
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in the given context is:1) feeling or showing worry or
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "echo" in the given sentence is:1) to say again or imitate
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	1) (often followed by `to') having a preference, disposition, or tendency
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "conventional" in the given sentence is:2) conforming with accepted standards
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "echo" in the given sentence is:1) to say again or imitate
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in the given sentence is: 1) worthless or oversimplified
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable definition for "conventional" in the given sentence is:2) conforming with accepted standards
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in the given sentence is: 1) worthless or oversimplified
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is 2) of the immediate past or just previous to the
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "governors" in the given context is: 1) the head of a state government.
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is 2) of the immediate past or just previous to the
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "governors" in the given context is: 1) the head of a state government.
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating or
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "announced" in this context is:2) announce publicly or officially
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable definition for "education" in the given context is:1) the activities of educating or
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "announced" in this context is:2) announce publicly or officially
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "needs" in the given sentence is: "have need of." This definition fits best because
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "needs" in the given sentence is: "have need of." This definition fits best because
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:1) act of improving by expanding
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:1) act of improving by expanding
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "governors" in the given sentence would be:2) a control that maintains
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seem" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable definition for "governors" in the given sentence would be:2) a control that maintains
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seem" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "need" in the given sentence is:2) anything that is necessary but lacking
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "extending" in the given sentence is:1) extend in scope or range or
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "need" in the given sentence is:2) anything that is necessary but lacking
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable definition for "extending" in the given sentence is:1) extend in scope or range or
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "system" in the given sentence is:1) instrumentality that comb
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable definition of "desirable" in this context is: worth having or seeking or achieving (Definition 1).
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "system" in the given sentence is:1) instrumentality that comb
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable definition of "desirable" in this context is: worth having or seeking or achieving (Definition 1).
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is: "1) relating to the process of education." This
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is: "1) relating to the process of education." This
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "very" in this context is:1) used as intensifiers;'real'
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "early" in the given context is:1) at or near the beginning of
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "very" in this context is:1) used as intensifiers;'real'
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exposure" in the given sentence is:2) the act of subject
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for "early" in the given context is:1) at or near the beginning of
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "schooling" in the given context is:2) the process of being formally educated
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exposure" in the given sentence is:2) the act of subject
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "improves" in this context is: 1) to make better. This definition fits
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "schooling" in the given context is:2) the process of being formally educated
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable definition of "performance" in this context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "improves" in this context is: 1) to make better. This definition fits
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "first" in the given sentence is:2) indicating the beginning unit in
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable definition of "performance" in this context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable definition of "grade" in the given context is:6) a number or letter indicating quality (especially
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "first" in the given sentence is:2) indicating the beginning unit in
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:4) a significant changeThis is
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable definition of "grade" in the given context is:6) a number or letter indicating quality (especially
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable definition for "quickly" in this context is: 3) without taking pains. The sentence implies
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:4) a significant changeThis is
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	The most suitable definition for "washed away" in this context is 1) eliminate. The sentence implies that the initial
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable definition for "quickly" in this context is: 3) without taking pains. The sentence implies
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	1) give a summary (of)
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	The most suitable definition for "washed away" in this context is 1) eliminate. The sentence implies that the initial
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given context is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	1) give a summary (of)
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given context would be:1) the activities
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given context is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given context would be:1) the activities
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given context would be:1) the activities
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reforms" in this context would be:1) a change for the better
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given context would be:1) the activities
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given context is:3) have an effect or outcome;
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reforms" in this context would be:1) a change for the better
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given context is:3) have an effect or outcome;
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given context is:3) have an effect or outcome;
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parental" in the given sentence is:3) relating to or characteristic of
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given context is:3) have an effect or outcome;
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in this context is:1) the act of sharing in
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parental" in the given sentence is:3) relating to or characteristic of
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bad" in the given context is:1) having undesirable or negative
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in this context is:1) the act of sharing in
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given context is:3) a personal viewThe
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bad" in the given context is:1) having undesirable or negative
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	1) a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given context is:3) a personal viewThe
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the given sentence is: 1) to a degree exceeding normal or
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	1) a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given sentence is:1) has a good chance of being
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the given sentence is: 1) to a degree exceeding normal or
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "blame" in the given sentence is:1) put or pin
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given sentence is:1) has a good chance of being
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institutionThis
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "blame" in the given sentence is:1) put or pin
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limitations" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being limited
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institutionThis
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limitations" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being limited
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	1) a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	1) a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection and security
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:10) be careful or certain to
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection and security
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kids" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:10) be careful or certain to
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "play" in the given sentence is:5) play a role or part
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kids" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "play" in the given sentence is:5) play a role or part
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spend" in the given sentence is:1) pass time in a specific
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given context is:2) a period of time considered as a
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spend" in the given sentence is:1) pass time in a specific
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrutinize" in the given context is: "to look at critically or
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given context is:2) a period of time considered as a
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrutinize" in the given context is: "to look at critically or
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable definition of "option" in the given context is:3) the act of choosing or selecting
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "switching" in the given sentence is:1) change over, change around
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable definition of "option" in the given context is:3) the act of choosing or selecting
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Community" in the given sentence is: "a group of people living in a particular
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "switching" in the given sentence is:1) change over, change around
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sharing
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Community" in the given sentence is: "a group of people living in a particular
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:1) used as an intensive especially
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sharing
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "worse" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `bad
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:1) used as an intensive especially
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition;
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "worse" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `bad
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition;
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "Locally" in the given sentence is: 1) by a particular locality. This
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in this context is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "Locally" in the given sentence is: 1) by a particular locality. This
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for "cities" in the given sentence is:1) a large and densely pop
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in this context is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in this context is:1) enter or assume a certain state
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for "cities" in the given sentence is:1) a large and densely pop
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable definition for "ambitious" in the given context is: having a strong desire for success or achievement (
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in this context is:1) enter or assume a certain state
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in this context is:1) usually; as a rule
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable definition for "ambitious" in the given context is: having a strong desire for success or achievement (
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "corrupt" in the given context is:1) lacking in integrityThis
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in this context is:1) usually; as a rule
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable definition for "local" in this context is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable definition for "corrupt" in the given context is:1) lacking in integrityThis
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in the given context is: "a person active in party politics" (definition
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable definition for "local" in this context is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in the given context is: "a person active in party politics" (definition
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in the given context is: "a person active in party politics" (definition
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of action intended to
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable definition for "politicians" in the given context is: "a person active in party politics" (definition
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable definition for "trying" in the given context is:1) make an effort or attempt
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of action intended to
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable definition for "system" in the given sentence is:4) a complex of methods or rules governing
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable definition for "trying" in the given context is:1) make an effort or attempt
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "school" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable definition for "system" in the given sentence is:4) a complex of methods or rules governing
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable definition for "governance" in the given context is: "the act of governing; exercising authority."
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "school" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in this context is: "in spite of; notwithstanding". This is because
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable definition for "governance" in the given context is: "the act of governing; exercising authority."
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in this context is: "in spite of; notwithstanding". This is because
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable definition for "cities" in the given sentence is:1) a large and densely pop
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable definition for "institute" in the given context is: 1) set up or lay the groundwork
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable definition for "cities" in the given sentence is:1) a large and densely pop
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable definition for "institute" in the given context is: 1) set up or lay the groundwork
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditures" in the given sentence is:1) money paid out
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditures" in the given sentence is:1) money paid out
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:1) a condition that accompan
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the basis
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:1) a condition that accompan
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:5) cause to do; cause to act
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the basis
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:5) cause to do; cause to act
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable definition for "worse" in this context is:1) (comparative of `bad')
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable definition for "better" in this context is:3) more than halfHowever,
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable definition for "worse" in this context is:1) (comparative of `bad')
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the cause of
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable definition for "better" in this context is:3) more than halfHowever,
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts; not complex
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the cause of
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts; not complex
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "influence" in the given sentence is:4) the effect of one
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium of
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "influence" in the given sentence is:4) the effect of one
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "Decades" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 10
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium of
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable definition for "tell" in this context is:6) inform positively and with certainty
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for "Decades" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 10
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in the given sentence is:1) used as an intensive especially to
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable definition for "tell" in this context is:6) inform positively and with certainty
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable definition for "classes" in the given sentence is:2) a body of students who are taught
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in the given sentence is:1) used as an intensive especially to
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable definition for "classes" in the given sentence is:2) a body of students who are taught
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable definition for "academic" in the given context is:3) marked by a narrow focus
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable definition of "performance" in this context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable definition for "academic" in the given context is:3) marked by a narrow focus
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable definition for "pupils" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable definition of "performance" in this context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this context is: 1) worth having or seeking or achieving. This
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable definition for "pupils" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "desirable" in this context is: 1) worth having or seeking or achieving. This
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable definition of "reasons" in this context is:5) a justification for something existing or
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable definition of "reasons" in this context is:5) a justification for something existing or
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium of
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "flows" in the given sentence is:1) move or progress freely as if
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium of
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piling" in the given context is:1) arrange in stacks
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "flows" in the given sentence is:1) move or progress freely as if
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `m
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piling" in the given context is:1) arrange in stacks
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `m
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `m
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `m
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable definition of "mystery" in this context would be: "something that baffles understanding and cannot
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable definition of "mystery" in this context would be: "something that baffles understanding and cannot
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "expenditures" in the given context is:1) money paid out;
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "real" in the given context is:6) of, relating to, or representing an
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "expenditures" in the given context is:1) money paid out;
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this context is: 1) become bigger or greater in amount.
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "real" in the given context is:6) of, relating to, or representing an
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable definition for "sharply" in the given context is:3) changing suddenly in direction and
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this context is: 1) become bigger or greater in amount.
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is: 1) earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable definition for "sharply" in the given context is:3) changing suddenly in direction and
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable definition for "now" in this context is:4) at the present momentThis is
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is: 1) earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable definition for "spend" in this context is: 3) pay out. This definition fits because the
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable definition for "now" in this context is:4) at the present momentThis is
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable definition for "more" in this context is:1) used to form the comparative of some
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable definition for "spend" in this context is: 3) pay out. This definition fits because the
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable definition of "pupil" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable definition for "more" in this context is:1) used to form the comparative of some
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable definition of "pupil" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people under
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people under
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable definition of "performance" in this context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable definition for "educational" in this context is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable definition for the word "declined" in the given context is:1) grow worse
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable definition of "performance" in this context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence "That is the way the system works" is:
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable definition for the word "declined" in the given context is:1) grow worse
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence "That is the way the system works" is:
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the given sentence is:3) marked by a narrow
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the given sentence is:3) marked by a narrow
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allows" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through a
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in this context is: "a learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allows" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through a
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "permitted" in this context is: "consent to, give permission." This is because
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in this context is: "a learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "graduated" in the given sentence is:1) receive an academic degree upon completion
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "permitted" in this context is: "consent to, give permission." This is because
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mastered" in the given sentence is:1) be or become completely prof
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "graduated" in the given sentence is:1) receive an academic degree upon completion
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mastered" in the given sentence is:1) be or become completely prof
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "prevailed" in the given context is:3) continue to existThis
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "prevailed" in the given context is:3) continue to existThis
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in this context is:4) have in mind as a purpose
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in this context is: 1) most important element. The sentence implies that
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in this context is:4) have in mind as a purpose
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in this context is:1) an anticipated outcome that is intended
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in this context is: 1) most important element. The sentence implies that
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permit" in this context is: 1) consent to, give permission. This
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in this context is:1) an anticipated outcome that is intended
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "flourish" in the given context is:1) grow vigorously
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permit" in this context is: 1) consent to, give permission. This
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clearly" in this context is:3) clear to the mind; with
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "flourish" in the given context is:1) grow vigorously
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in this context is: 1) worth having or seeking or achieving.
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clearly" in this context is:3) clear to the mind; with
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in this context is:2) comparative of littleThis
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in this context is: 1) worth having or seeking or achieving.
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The most suitable definition for "get" in the given context is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in this context is:2) comparative of littleThis
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in this context is "absolutely essential." The sentence implies that a certain level
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The most suitable definition for "get" in the given context is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given context is:2) applying the mind to learning and
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in this context is "absolutely essential." The sentence implies that a certain level
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable definition for "entering" in the given context is:2) become a participant; be involved
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given context is:2) applying the mind to learning and
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given context is:5) people in general considered as a
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable definition for "entering" in the given context is:2) become a participant; be involved
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable definition of "work" in this context is likely:3) the occupation for which you are paid
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given context is:5) people in general considered as a
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable definition of "work" in this context is likely:3) the occupation for which you are paid
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the given sentence is: "2) inspire with confidence; give
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the given sentence is: "2) inspire with confidence; give
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the given sentence is:1) containing as much or as many
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the given sentence is:2) hypothetical
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the given sentence is:1) containing as much or as many
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the given sentence is:2) hypothetical
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual fact
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) the inherent capacity for
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true;
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual fact
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable definition of "equal" in this context would be:1) having the same quantity, value,
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true;
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "academic" in the given sentence is:3) marked by
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable definition of "equal" in this context would be:1) having the same quantity, value,
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence would be:1) the inherent capacity
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "academic" in the given sentence is:3) marked by
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in this context is:1) usually; as a rule
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence would be:1) the inherent capacity
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in this context is: worth having or seeking or achieving (Definition 1
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in this context is:1) usually; as a rule
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in this context is: worth having or seeking or achieving (Definition 1
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great or
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "newer" in the given context is:1) not of long duration;
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great or
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in this context is:3) a single person or thing
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "newer" in the given context is:1) not of long duration;
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in this context is:3) a single person or thing
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable definition for "dubious" in the given context is:1) fraught with uncertainty
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is: 2) frequently or in great quantities. This
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "psychological" in the given context is: "of or relating to or determined by psychology
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable definition for "dubious" in the given context is:1) fraught with uncertainty
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great or
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "psychological" in the given context is: "of or relating to or determined by psychology
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable definition for "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great or
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable definition of "experience" in this context is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable definition for "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in this context is:2) an explanation of the cause of some
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable definition of "experience" in this context is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in this context is:2) an explanation of the cause of some
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is en
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "so" in this context is:1) to a very great extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is en
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note the similarities
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "so" in this context is:1) to a very great extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is en
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note the similarities
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable definition for "influence" in the given sentence is:4) the effect of one thing
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is en
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable definition for "influence" in the given sentence is:4) the effect of one thing
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "wants" in this context is:1) feel or have a desire for;
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable definition of "appreciate" in this context is:2) be fully aware of; realize
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "wants" in this context is:1) feel or have a desire for;
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	The most suitable definition for "just" in the given sentence is "4) absolutely". The sentence implies that reading the article
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable definition of "appreciate" in this context is:2) be fully aware of; realize
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given sentence is:1) the general state of
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	The most suitable definition for "just" in the given sentence is "4) absolutely". The sentence implies that reading the article
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given sentence is:1) the general state of
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable definition for "add" in the given context is:4) make an addition by combining numbers
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	The most suitable definition for "subtract" in the given context is:2) take off or away
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable definition for "add" in the given context is:4) make an addition by combining numbers
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable definition for "learning" in the given context is:1) gain knowledge or skillsThis
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	The most suitable definition for "subtract" in the given context is:2) take off or away
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	The most suitable definition for "basis" in the given context is:1) a relation that provides the foundation
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable definition for "learning" in the given context is:1) gain knowledge or skillsThis
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the given context is:1) of or pertaining
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	The most suitable definition for "basis" in the given context is:1) a relation that provides the foundation
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "read" in this context is:1) interpret something that is written or
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the given context is:1) of or pertaining
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "article" in the given sentence is:1) nonfictional
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "read" in this context is:1) interpret something that is written or
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is definition 1) new. The sentence implies that Cale
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "article" in the given sentence is:1) nonfictional
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable definition of "major" in this context is:3) a university student who is studying a particular
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The most suitable definition for "recent" in this context is definition 1) new. The sentence implies that Cale
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable definition of "major" in this context is:3) a university student who is studying a particular
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principals" in the given sentence is:2) the educator who
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "large" in the given context is:6) having broad power and range and scope.
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principals" in the given sentence is:2) the educator who
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:2) how much there is or how
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for "large" in the given context is:6) having broad power and range and scope.
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the given context is:1) the power or right to
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:2) how much there is or how
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faculty" in the given sentence is:2) the body of teachers and
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the given context is:1) the power or right to
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matters" in the given context is:1) a vaguely specified
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faculty" in the given sentence is:2) the body of teachers and
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matters" in the given context is:1) a vaguely specified
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "Study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for "Study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable definition for "tells" in this context is:2) let something be known. This definition fits
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "most" in this context is:1) used to form the superlative
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in this context is: (superlative of `good') having the most
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable definition for "tells" in this context is:2) let something be known. This definition fits
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this context is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in this context is: (superlative of `good') having the most
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "outside" in the given context is:3) originating or belonging beyond some
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable definition for "schools" in this context is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "interference" in the given context is: 2) the act of hindering or ob
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "outside" in the given context is:3) originating or belonging beyond some
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable definition for "governed" in the given context is:3) exercise authority over; as of nations
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "interference" in the given context is: 2) the act of hindering or ob
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable definition for "powerful" in the given context is:3) having great influence.
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable definition for "governed" in the given context is:3) exercise authority over; as of nations
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given context is:13) the educator who has executive
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable definition for "powerful" in the given context is:3) having great influence.
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the given sentence is:1) the power or right to
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given context is:13) the educator who has executive
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "goes" in the given sentence is: "2) go or occur together". This definition
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the given sentence is:1) the power or right to
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unambiguous" in the given sentence is:1) having or exhibiting
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "goes" in the given sentence is: "2) go or occur together". This definition
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unambiguous" in the given sentence is:1) having or exhibiting
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable definition for "produce" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or yield
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable definition for "produce" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or yield
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given context is:1) greater than normal in
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morale" in the given sentence is: "the spirit of a group that makes the
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given context is:1) greater than normal in
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "superior" in the given context is:1) of high or superior quality
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morale" in the given sentence is: "the spirit of a group that makes the
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable definition for "academic" in the given context is:3) marked by a narrow focus
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "superior" in the given context is:1) of high or superior quality
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing; of
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable definition for "academic" in the given context is:3) marked by a narrow focus
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assert
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing; of
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "ruffled" in the given sentence is:2) trouble or vex
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assert
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assert
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "ruffled" in the given sentence is:2) trouble or vex
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in this context is: a single person or thing. The sentence implies that the
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assert
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "so" in this context is:7) (usually followed by 'that')
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in this context is: a single person or thing. The sentence implies that the
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "publishes" in this context is: "prepare and issue for public distribution or
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "so" in this context is:7) (usually followed by 'that')
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence "That's what the man had said" is:
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "publishes" in this context is: "prepare and issue for public distribution or
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "bleary" in the given sentence is: 3) indistinct or hazy in
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence "That's what the man had said" is:
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "bleary" in the given sentence is: 3) indistinct or hazy in
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is:10) be confronted with
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "ready" in the given context is:3) mentally disposedIn the
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is:10) be confronted with
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "answer" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or written
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "ready" in the given context is:3) mentally disposedIn the
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surprise" in the given sentence is:1) the astonishment you feel
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "answer" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or written
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "fit" in the given context is: 2) a sudden uncontrollable attack.
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surprise" in the given sentence is:1) the astonishment you feel
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "fit" in the given context is: 2) a sudden uncontrollable attack.
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "drunk" in the given sentence is: "stupefied or excited
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crazy" in the given sentence would be:1) affected with madness
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "drunk" in the given sentence is: "stupefied or excited
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "matched" in the given context is:4) be equal to in quality or ability
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crazy" in the given sentence would be:1) affected with madness
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "matched" in the given context is:4) be equal to in quality or ability
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "lost" in the given sentence is:10) fail to perceive or
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "count" in the given sentence is:1) the total number countedIn
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "lost" in the given sentence is:10) fail to perceive or
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "count" in the given sentence is:1) the total number countedIn
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this context is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "thought" in this context is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in the given sentence is:7) not made dim or less
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the given sentence is:1) being definitely out of the
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in the given sentence is:7) not made dim or less
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or degree;
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the given sentence is:1) being definitely out of the
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cold" in the given sentence is:2) extended meanings; especially
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or degree;
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is "6) feelings of great warmth and intensity." This
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cold" in the given sentence is:2) extended meanings; especially
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the given sentence is:2) shine intensely, as
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is "6) feelings of great warmth and intensity." This
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the given sentence is:2) shine intensely, as
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence "No, the man was not drunk" is:
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drunk" in the given sentence is: "stupe
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence "No, the man was not drunk" is:
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is: have a wish or desire to know something
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drunk" in the given sentence is: "stupe
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is: have a wish or desire to know something
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: an individual that one is not acquainted with.
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remembered" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: an individual that one is not acquainted with.
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remembered" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "steady" in the given context is:1) not subject to change or variation
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "drinking" in the given sentence is: "the act of drinking alcoholic beverages
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "steady" in the given context is:1) not subject to change or variation
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "occasion" in the given sentence is:2) a vaguely specified social
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "drinking" in the given sentence is: "the act of drinking alcoholic beverages
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) anyone who does not belong in
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "occasion" in the given sentence is:2) a vaguely specified social
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the given sentence is:1) the upper part of the human
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) anyone who does not belong in
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the given sentence is:1) the upper part of the human
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "started" in this context is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cross" in the given sentence is:1) travel across or pass
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "started" in this context is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cross" in the given sentence is:1) travel across or pass
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "light" in this context is:3) a particular perspective or aspect of a situation
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "roared" in the given sentence is:1) make a loud
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "light" in this context is:3) a particular perspective or aspect of a situation
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable definition for "intersection" in the given sentence is:2) a junction where one street
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "roared" in the given sentence is:1) make a loud
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brakes" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint used to
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable definition for "intersection" in the given sentence is:2) a junction where one street
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "howled" in the given sentence is:2) cry loudly, as of animals
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brakes" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint used to
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "horn" in the given sentence is:9) an alarm device that makes
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "howled" in the given sentence is:2) cry loudly, as of animals
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "blared" in the given sentence is: "make a strident sound."
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "horn" in the given sentence is:9) an alarm device that makes
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "blared" in the given sentence is: "make a strident sound."
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this context is:2) hit against; come into sudden contact with
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "called out" in this context is: 2) call out loudly, as of names or
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "hit" in this context is:2) hit against; come into sudden contact with
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "called out" in this context is: 2) call out loudly, as of names or
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cared" in the given sentence is:1) feel concern or interest
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cared" in the given sentence is:1) feel concern or interest
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regretted" in the given context is:1) feel remorse for
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opened" in the given sentence is:1) cause to open or to
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regretted" in the given context is:1) feel remorse for
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouth" in the given sentence is:1) the opening through which food is
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opened" in the given sentence is:1) cause to open or to
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouth" in the given sentence is:1) the opening through which food is
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "stop" in the given sentence is:3) a brief stay in the
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "angry" in the given context is:1) feeling or showing
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "stop" in the given sentence is:3) a brief stay in the
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "angry" in the given context is:1) feeling or showing
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "jumped" in the given sentence is:2) move or jump suddenly, as
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "cab" in the given sentence is:1) a compartment at the front
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "jumped" in the given sentence is:2) move or jump suddenly, as
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:1) use one's feet
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "cab" in the given sentence is:1) a compartment at the front
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:1) use one's feet
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "arm" in the given sentence is:1) a human limb
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "shoulders" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the body between
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "arm" in the given sentence is:1) a human limb
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "old" in the given context is:3) (used for emphasis) very familiar
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "shoulders" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the body between
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "friend" in this context is:1) a person you know well and regard with
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "old" in the given context is:3) (used for emphasis) very familiar
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "friend" in this context is:1) a person you know well and regard with
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "curse" in the given sentence is:1) utter obscenities or prof
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plot" in the given sentence is:1) a secret scheme to do something
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "curse" in the given sentence is:1) utter obscenities or prof
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ruin" in the given sentence is:1) destroy completely;
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plot" in the given sentence is:1) a secret scheme to do something
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "record" in the given sentence is:3) the number of wins versus losses and
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ruin" in the given sentence is:1) destroy completely;
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "record" in the given sentence is:3) the number of wins versus losses and
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "saved" in the given sentence is:1) save from ruin, destruction, or
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:1) change orientation or direction,
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "saved" in the given sentence is:1) save from ruin, destruction, or
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:1) change orientation or direction,
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "face" in the given sentence is:1) the front of the human head from
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is:1) express in wordsThe man
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "face" in the given sentence is:1) the front of the human head from
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of language that native
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is:1) express in wordsThe man
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of language that native
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swearing" in the given context is:1) utter obscenities or
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:1) change orientation or direction,
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swearing" in the given context is:1) utter obscenities or
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "heel" in the given sentence is:2) the back part of the human
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:1) change orientation or direction,
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "heel" in the given sentence is:2) the back part of the human
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "Haney hadn't given it
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "Haney hadn't given it
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recalled" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory;
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is:3) be amazed at
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recalled" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory;
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is:3) be amazed at
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:4) cause to do; cause to act
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:4) cause to do; cause to act
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the given sentence is:1) the feelings expressed on a person
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bluff" in the given sentence is: 2) pretense that your position is
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the given sentence is:1) the feelings expressed on a person
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is:7) communicate or express nonverbally.
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bluff" in the given sentence is: 2) pretense that your position is
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of language that native
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "saying" in this context is:7) communicate or express nonverbally.
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "light" in the given sentence would be:3) a particular perspective or aspect
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of language that native
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:6) any artifact consisting of a
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "light" in the given sentence would be:3) a particular perspective or aspect
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went on" in the given sentence is:3) move forward, also
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:6) any artifact consisting of a
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went on" in the given sentence is:3) move forward, also
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "found out" in the given sentence is:2) get to know or become aware
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in this context is: preferred above all others and treated with partiality. This
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for "found out" in the given sentence is:2) get to know or become aware
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bars" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment where alcohol
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in this context is: preferred above all others and treated with partiality. This
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "insisted" in the given sentence is:1) be emph
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bars" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment where alcohol
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offering" in the given sentence is:2) present for acceptance or re
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "insisted" in the given sentence is:1) be emph
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "buy" in the given sentence is:1) obtain by purchase;
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offering" in the given sentence is:2) present for acceptance or re
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this context is:1) a single serving of a beverage
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "buy" in the given sentence is:1) obtain by purchase;
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this context is:1) a single serving of a beverage
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept to himself" in the given sentence is: shun the company of others.
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:2) be around, often id
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept to himself" in the given sentence is: shun the company of others.
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:1) a place off to the
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:2) be around, often id
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passing" in the given sentence is:10) pass time in a
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:1) a place off to the
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passing" in the given sentence is:10) pass time in a
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nursing" in the given sentence is:2) maintain (a theory
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the given context is: 3) preferred above all others and treated
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nursing" in the given sentence is:2) maintain (a theory
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the given context is: 3) preferred above all others and treated
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "mind" in the given sentence is:2) be concerned with
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being with someone
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "mind" in the given sentence is:2) be concerned with
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "free" in the given sentence is "costing nothing". This is because the sentence
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being with someone
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is:1) a single serving of a be
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "free" in the given sentence is "costing nothing". This is because the sentence
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:10) earn on some commercial or business
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is:1) a single serving of a be
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "good" in the given context is:1) having desirable or positive qualities especially
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:10) earn on some commercial or business
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "job" in the given sentence is:1) the principal activity in your life that
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "good" in the given context is:1) having desirable or positive qualities especially
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is: 2) place in doubt or express
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "job" in the given sentence is:1) the principal activity in your life that
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "having" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is: 2) place in doubt or express
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "screwball" in the given sentence is:1) a whimsically ecc
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "having" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "take" in the given sentence is:15) experience or feel or submit to
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "screwball" in the given sentence is:1) a whimsically ecc
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "offer" in the given sentence is: "something offered (as a proposal or
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "take" in the given sentence is:15) experience or feel or submit to
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "feel" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "offer" in the given sentence is: "something offered (as a proposal or
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "uneasy" in the given context is:3) causing or fraught with
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "feel" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "uneasy" in the given context is:3) causing or fraught with
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "gave" in the given sentence is:3) transfer possession of something concrete or
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect something
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "answer" in the given context is:1) a statement (either
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "gave" in the given sentence is:3) transfer possession of something concrete or
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	1) give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect something
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "wink" in the given context is:3) briefly shut the eyes
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "answer" in the given context is:1) a statement (either
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	1) give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:8) continue in a place, position
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "wink" in the given context is:3) briefly shut the eyes
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stare" in the given sentence is: "look at with fixed eyes."
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:8) continue in a place, position
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weak" in the given sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stare" in the given sentence is: "look at with fixed eyes."
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laugh" in the given sentence would be:3) a humorous an
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weak" in the given sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "think" in the given sentence is:1) keep in mind
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laugh" in the given sentence would be:3) a humorous an
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "Thanks" in the given sentence is:1) an acknowledgment of appreciation
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "think" in the given sentence is:1) keep in mind
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faint" in the given sentence is:1) deficient in magnitude;
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "Thanks" in the given sentence is:1) an acknowledgment of appreciation
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crease" in the given sentence is:2) a slight depression in the
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faint" in the given sentence is:1) deficient in magnitude;
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "appeared" in the given sentence is:5) come into being or existence,
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crease" in the given sentence is:2) a slight depression in the
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "appeared" in the given sentence is:5) come into being or existence,
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "taking" in the given sentence is:6) take something or somebody with ones
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meant" in the given sentence "I meant it" is:4)
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "taking" in the given sentence is:6) take something or somebody with ones
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the given sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" is:
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meant" in the given sentence "I meant it" is:4)
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:2) hit against; come into sudden
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the given sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" is:
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence would be:1) an automotive vehicle suitable
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:2) hit against; come into sudden
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returning" in the given sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence would be:1) an automotive vehicle suitable
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favors" in the given sentence is:1) an act of gr
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returning" in the given sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favors" in the given sentence is:1) an act of gr
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the given sentence is:3) be fond ofThe
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "cost" in the given sentence would be:3) require to lose,
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the given sentence is:3) be fond ofThe
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "try" in the given sentence "Go ahead and try me" is:
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "cost" in the given sentence would be:3) require to lose,
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "rubbed" in the given sentence is:1) move over
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "try" in the given sentence "Go ahead and try me" is:
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forehead" in the given sentence is: "the part of the face above the eyes
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "rubbed" in the given sentence is:1) move over
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "feel" in the given sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is:
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forehead" in the given sentence is: "the part of the face above the eyes
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "woolly" in the given sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly"
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable definition for "feel" in the given sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is:
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "woolly" in the given sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly"
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:4) cause to do; cause to act
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "exit" in the given sentence is:1) an opening that perm
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:4) cause to do; cause to act
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "expect" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "exit" in the given sentence is:1) an opening that perm
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "expect" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "conceded" in the given context is:2) be willing to concede
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for "conceded" in the given context is:2) be willing to concede
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "keeps" in the given sentence is:10) maintain by keeping in a
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "riding" in the given sentence is:12) ride over, along,
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "keeps" in the given sentence is:10) maintain by keeping in a
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "like" in the given sentence is:1) prefer or wish
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition for "riding" in the given sentence is:12) ride over, along,
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "listen" in the given sentence is:1) hear with intention
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "like" in the given sentence is:1) prefer or wish
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "radio" in the given sentence is:3) an electronic receiver that
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "listen" in the given sentence is:1) hear with intention
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sing" in the given sentence is:3) to make melodious
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "radio" in the given sentence is:3) an electronic receiver that
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bath" in the given sentence is:2) you soak and wash
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sing" in the given sentence is:3) to make melodious
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	1) a person who lives (or is located) near another
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bath" in the given sentence is:2) you soak and wash
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "complain" in the given sentence is: "express complaints, discontent,
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	1) a person who lives (or is located) near another
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "believe" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "complain" in the given sentence is: "express complaints, discontent,
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tell" in the given sentence is:2) let something be
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "believe" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothers" in the given sentence is:2) cause annoyance in;
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tell" in the given sentence is:2) let something be
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothers" in the given sentence is:2) cause annoyance in;
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "closed" in the given sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "closed" in the given sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) lower and raise the head,
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) lower and raise the head,
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is: "give a certain impression or have a
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Fine" in the given sentence is not among the provided options. In this
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is: "give a certain impression or have a
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "Give" in the given sentence "Give me your address" is:3
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Fine" in the given sentence is not among the provided options. In this
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "address" in the given sentence is:2) the place where a
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable definition for "Give" in the given sentence "Give me your address" is:3
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the given sentence "It will take a little time" is:
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "address" in the given sentence is:2) the place where a
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence "It will take a little time" is:
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the given sentence "It will take a little time" is:
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence "It will take a little time" is:
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "habits" in the given sentence is:2) (psychology)
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "movements" in the given sentence is:2) the act of changing location
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "habits" in the given sentence is:2) (psychology)
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "movements" in the given sentence is:2) the act of changing location
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the given sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suicide" among the given options is:1)
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the given sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looks" in the given sentence "Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable" is:
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suicide" among the given options is:1)
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looks" in the given sentence "Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable" is:
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flew" in the given sentence is:2) move quickly or suddenly
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:1
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flew" in the given sentence is:2) move quickly or suddenly
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:1
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable definition for "stood up" in this context is:1) rise to one's feet
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) lower and raise the
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable definition for "stood up" in this context is:1) rise to one's feet
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "farewell" in the given sentence is:1) an acknowledg
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) lower and raise the
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "watched" in the given sentence is:3) see or watchThis
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "farewell" in the given sentence is:1) an acknowledg
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "watched" in the given sentence is:3) see or watchThis
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wiry" in the given sentence is:1) lean and
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wiry" in the given sentence is:1) lean and
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "slip" in the given sentence is:2) insert inconspicuously
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "door" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "slip" in the given sentence is:2) insert inconspicuously
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this context is:4) be conscious of a physical, mental,
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "door" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watch
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "felt" in this context is:4) be conscious of a physical, mental,
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watch
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notice" in this context is:2) notice or perceiveIn
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "departure" in this context is:1) the act of departing
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notice" in this context is:2) notice or perceiveIn
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "departure" in this context is:1) the act of departing
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "stay" in the given sentence is:2) stay put (in a certain place
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "stay" in the given sentence is:2) stay put (in a certain place
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:8) come to passThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:8) come to passThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable definition for "strange" in this context is: being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given context is:1) limited or below average in number
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable definition for "strange" in this context is: being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "man" in this context is:3) the generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given context is:1) limited or below average in number
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for "man" in this context is:3) the generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in this context is:2) a piece of furniture having a
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "returned" in the given sentence is:1) go or come back to place
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in this context is:2) a piece of furniture having a
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "putting" in the given sentence is:1) put into a certain place
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "returned" in the given sentence is:1) go or come back to place
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "whole" in the given sentence is:1) including all components
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable definition for "incident" in the given sentence is: a single distinct event. This is because the sentence
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "putting" in the given sentence is:1) put into a certain place
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "mind" in the given sentence is:2) recall or remembrance
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "whole" in the given sentence is:1) including all components
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable definition for "incident" in the given sentence is: a single distinct event. This is because the sentence
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "mind" in the given sentence is:2) recall or remembrance
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given sentence is:1) time for Earth to make a
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	1) disagreeable aftereffects from the use of drugs (especially alcohol)
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reminded" in the given sentence is: "put in the mind of
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given sentence is:1) time for Earth to make a
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	1) disagreeable aftereffects from the use of drugs (especially alcohol)
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reminded" in the given sentence is: "put in the mind of
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "hangover" in the given sentence is: 1) disagreeable aftereffects from the
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reminded" in the given sentence is: "put in the mind of
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for "hangover" in the given sentence is: 1) disagreeable aftereffects from the
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reminded" in the given sentence is: "put in the mind of
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "day" in the given sentence would be:1) time for Earth to make a
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:24) pass from physical life and
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "day" in the given sentence would be:1) time for Earth to make a
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing life
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in the given sentence is:1) someone who pays rent to use
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:24) pass from physical life and
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing life
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an oner
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in the given sentence is:1) someone who pays rent to use
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:4) the condition of living or the
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an oner
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "ignored" in the given sentence is:1) refuse to acknowledgeIn
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing life
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:4) the condition of living or the
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mailed" in this context is: send via the postal service (Option
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "ignored" in the given sentence is:1) refuse to acknowledgeIn
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing life
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable definition for "check" in this context is:1) a written order directing a bank to
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mailed" in this context is: send via the postal service (Option
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "maintenance" in the given context is:3) court-ordered support paid by
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable definition for "check" in this context is:1) a written order directing a bank to
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wished" in this context is:1) hope for; have a wish
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable definition for "maintenance" in the given context is:3) court-ordered support paid by
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with."
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wished" in this context is:1) hope for; have a wish
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in this context is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in this context is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with."
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "Coming" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in this context is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "Coming" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:3) the occupation for which you are paid
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:3) the occupation for which you are paid
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lobby" in the given sentence is:1) a large entrance or reception
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lobby" in the given sentence is:1) a large entrance or reception
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talking" in the given sentence is:1) exchange thoughts; talk with
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spine" in the given sentence is:1) the series of verte
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talking" in the given sentence is:1) exchange thoughts; talk with
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "crawled" in the given sentence is:2) feel as if crawling
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "premonition" in the given sentence is:2) an early warning
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spine" in the given sentence is:1) the series of verte
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to and expect
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "crawled" in the given sentence is:2) feel as if crawling
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "premonition" in the given sentence is:2) an early warning
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable definition for "fellow" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is friend who
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to and expect
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in the given sentence is:1) someone who pays rent to use
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable definition for "fellow" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is friend who
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happened" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur,
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in the given sentence is:1) someone who pays rent to use
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "died" in the given sentence is:1) pass from physical life and
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "afternoon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the day
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happened" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur,
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "died" in the given sentence is:1) pass from physical life and
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "afternoon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the day
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "fallen" in the given sentence is:23) lose an upright position suddenly
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that covers
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "obscure" in the given sentence is:1) not clearly understood
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "fallen" in the given sentence is:23) lose an upright position suddenly
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "witnessed" in this context is: 1) be a witness to. This
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that covers
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "fall" in the given sentence is:11) a sudden, rapid
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "obscure" in the given sentence is:1) not clearly understood
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is:1) the striking of one body
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "witnessed" in this context is: 1) be a witness to. This
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:9) the main mass of a thing
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "fall" in the given sentence is:11) a sudden, rapid
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smashed" in the given sentence is:6) damage or destroy as if by
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is:1) the striking of one body
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pavement" in the given sentence is:1) the paved surface
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:9) the main mass of a thing
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for "basement" in the given sentence is:1) the lowermost portion of
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smashed" in the given sentence is:6) damage or destroy as if by
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable definition for "delivery" in the given context is:1) the act of delivering or distribut
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pavement" in the given sentence is:1) the paved surface
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entrance" in the given sentence is:1) something that provides access (
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for "basement" in the given sentence is:1) the lowermost portion of
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable definition for "delivery" in the given context is:1) the act of delivering or distribut
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:3) perceive by a physical sensation
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entrance" in the given sentence is:1) something that provides access (
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "blood" in the given sentence is:1) the fluid (
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "drain" in the given context is:3) empty of liquid;
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:3) perceive by a physical sensation
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cheeks" in the given sentence is:1) either side of the face
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "blood" in the given sentence is:1) the fluid (
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "muttered" in the given sentence is: talk indistinctly; usually
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "drain" in the given context is:3) empty of liquid;
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "terrible" in the given sentence is: 2) exceptionally bad or disple
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cheeks" in the given sentence is:1) either side of the face
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:8) walk at a pace
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "muttered" in the given sentence is: talk indistinctly; usually
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable definition for "deliberate" in the given context is: 2) unhurried and with care
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "terrible" in the given sentence is: 2) exceptionally bad or disple
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable definition for "slowness" in the given context is:2) a rate demonstrating an
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:8) walk at a pace
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	1) lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered mechanically in a vertical shaft in order to
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable definition for "deliberate" in the given context is: 2) unhurried and with care
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable definition for "poured" in the given sentence is "3) pour out". This is because the action
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable definition for "slowness" in the given context is:2) a rate demonstrating an
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is:1) a single serving of a beverage
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	1) lifting device consisting of a platform or cage that is raised and lowered mechanically in a vertical shaft in order to
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the given sentence is:1) the (prehensile
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable definition for "poured" in the given sentence is "3) pour out". This is because the action
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable definition for "flopped" in the given sentence is:1) fall loosely
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable definition for "drink" in this context is:1) a single serving of a beverage
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "chair" in the given sentence is:1) a seat for one person
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the given sentence is:1) the (prehensile
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "feel" in the given sentence is:1) undergo
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable definition for "flopped" in the given sentence is:1) fall loosely
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "bothered" in the given sentence is:2) cause annoyance in;
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "chair" in the given sentence is:1) a seat for one person
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "ask" in the given context is:5) address a question to and
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "feel" in the given sentence is:1) undergo
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "questions" in the given context is:1) an instance of questioning
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "bothered" in the given sentence is:2) cause annoyance in;
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the given sentence is:1) an event that might
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "ask" in the given context is:5) address a question to and
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "questions" in the given context is:1) an instance of questioning
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "happy" in the given sentence is:1) enjoying or showing
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the given sentence is:1) an event that might
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lousy" in the given sentence is: 1) very bad. The context
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "happy" in the given sentence is:1) enjoying or showing
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lousy" in the given sentence is: 1) very bad. The context
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is "have left". This is because the sentence is referring to
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the given sentence is:1) a social unit living together
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in the given sentence is:1) undergo or be subject
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is "have left". This is because the sentence is referring to
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:1) express in wordsThe sentence
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the given sentence is:1) a social unit living together
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the given sentence is:1) cause to die; put
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in the given sentence is:1) undergo or be subject
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:1) express in wordsThe sentence
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The most suitable definition of "favor" in the given sentence would be:1) an act of gracious
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the given sentence is:1) cause to die; put
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mean" in the given sentence is:1) mean or intend to express or
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The most suitable definition of "favor" in the given sentence would be:1) an act of gracious
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) anyone who does not belong in
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mean" in the given sentence is:1) mean or intend to express or
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "large" in the given context is:1) above average in size or number or
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) anyone who does not belong in
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sad" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for the usage of "hurt" in the given sentence is:5) hurt the feelings
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for "large" in the given context is:1) above average in size or number or
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sad" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for the usage of "hurt" in the given sentence is:5) hurt the feelings
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable definition for "beginning" in the given sentence is:7) have a beginning characterized in some
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable definition for "overtones" in the given context is:1) (usually plural)
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nightmare" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable definition for "beginning" in the given sentence is:7) have a beginning characterized in some
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable definition for "overtones" in the given context is:1) (usually plural)
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable definition for "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of mental images and
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nightmare" in the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tight" in the given sentence is:5) (used of persons or
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable definition for "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of mental images and
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identity
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tight" in the given sentence is:5) (used of persons or
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bar" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identity
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bar" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is:11) undergoThis is
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable definition for "excuse" in this context is:1) a defense of some offensive behavior or
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:2) consume alcohol
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is:11) undergoThis is
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable definition for "usual" in the given context is:1) occurring or encountered or experienced or
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable definition for "excuse" in this context is:1) a defense of some offensive behavior or
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:1) be seatedThis
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:2) consume alcohol
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in the given sentence is:1) occurring or encountered or experienced
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable definition for "usual" in the given context is:1) occurring or encountered or experienced or
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:1) a place off to the
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:1) be seatedThis
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in the given sentence is:1) occurring or encountered or experienced
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:1) a place off to the
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable definition for "talkative" in the given context is:1) full of trivial conversation
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "friendly" in the given sentence is:1) characteristic of or bef
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enjoying" in the given sentence is:1) derive or receive pleasure
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable definition for "talkative" in the given context is:1) full of trivial conversation
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:1) any customary observance or
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "friendly" in the given sentence is:1) characteristic of or bef
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable definition for "washing down" in the given sentence is:1) eat food accompanied by lots
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enjoying" in the given sentence is:1) derive or receive pleasure
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable definition for "pet" in the given sentence is:3) a fit of petulance or
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:1) any customary observance or
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable definition for "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) a complaint about a (
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable definition for "washing down" in the given sentence is:1) eat food accompanied by lots
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable definition for "bourbon" in the given sentence is:2) whiskey distilled from a
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable definition for "pet" in the given sentence is:3) a fit of petulance or
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for "water" in the given sentence is:1) binary compound that occurs at room temperature
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable definition for "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) a complaint about a (
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is: preferred above all others and treated with partiality.
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable definition for "bourbon" in the given sentence is:2) whiskey distilled from a
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the given sentence is: "a complaint about a (real or
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for "water" in the given sentence is:1) binary compound that occurs at room temperature
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "forgotten" in the given sentence is:1) dismiss from
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is: preferred above all others and treated with partiality.
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mentioned" in the given sentence is: make reference to (option 1) or
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the given sentence is: "a complaint about a (real or
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable definition for "real" in the given sentence "His real grievance was Lolly" is:
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "forgotten" in the given sentence is:1) dismiss from
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the given sentence "His real grievance was Lolly"
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mentioned" in the given sentence is: make reference to (option 1) or
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which something
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable definition for "real" in the given sentence "His real grievance was Lolly" is:
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the given sentence "His real grievance was Lolly"
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable definition for "making" in the given sentence is:4) cause to do; cause to act
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which something
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wet" in this context is:1) covered or soaked with a
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable definition for "rings" in the given context is:2) a toroidal shape
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable definition for "making" in the given sentence is:4) cause to do; cause to act
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bottom" in the given context is:1) the lower side of
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wet" in this context is:1) covered or soaked with a
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable definition for "rings" in the given context is:2) a toroidal shape
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given context is:1) enter or assume a certain
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bottom" in the given context is:1) the lower side of
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "aware" in the given context is:1) (sometimes followed
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given context is:1) enter or assume a certain
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "aware" in the given context is:1) (sometimes followed
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in this context is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:1) be seatedThis is
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in this context is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiling" in this context is: "change one's facial expression by
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:1) be seatedThis is
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "secret" in the given context is:1) not open or public;
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiling" in this context is: "change one's facial expression by
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "name" in the given sentence is:1) a language unit by which
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "secret" in the given context is:1) not open or public;
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable definition for the usage of "seen" in the given sentence is:7) see or watch
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable definition for "sit down" in the given sentence is:1) take a seat
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "name" in the given sentence is:1) a language unit by which
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable definition for the usage of "seen" in the given sentence is:7) see or watch
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable definition for "uncanny" in the given sentence is:2) surpassing the ordinary or
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable definition for "sit down" in the given sentence is:1) take a seat
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in the given sentence would be:3) something existing in perception only
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable definition for "uncanny" in the given sentence is:2) surpassing the ordinary or
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to happen
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in the given sentence would be:3) something existing in perception only
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The most suitable definition for "noise" in the given sentence is:1) sound of any kind (especially
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in the given sentence would be:3) something existing in perception only
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to happen
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shrinking" in the given context is:3) reduce in size;
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The most suitable definition for "noise" in the given sentence is:1) sound of any kind (especially
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable definition for "trapped" in the given sentence is:1) place in a confining or
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in the given sentence would be:3) something existing in perception only
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:8) a predicament from which
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shrinking" in the given context is:3) reduce in size;
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in the given context is: 1) lean and sinewy
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable definition for "trapped" in the given sentence is:1) place in a confining or
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given sentence is:6) low in stature; not
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:8) a predicament from which
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable definition for "man" in this context is:3) the generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in the given context is: 1) lean and sinewy
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable definition for "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given sentence is:6) low in stature; not
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the given sentence is:4) feel or express a desire
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable definition for "man" in this context is:3) the generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable definition for "shouted" in the given sentence is:2) utter a sudden loud cry
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable definition for "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the given sentence is:4) feel or express a desire
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the day
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable definition for "shouted" in the given sentence is:2) utter a sudden loud cry
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable definition for "bore down" in the given sentence is:3) to make a rush at
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the day
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable definition for "crossing" in the given sentence is:5) a path (often marked
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saddled" in the given sentence is:2) load or burden;
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable definition for "bore down" in the given sentence is:3) to make a rush at
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable definition for "creep" in the given sentence is:1) someone unpleasantly strange or
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable definition for "crossing" in the given sentence is:5) a path (often marked
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saddled" in the given sentence is:2) load or burden;
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable definition for "creep" in the given sentence is:1) someone unpleasantly strange or
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable definition for "places" in the given sentence is:4) any area set aside for a
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the given sentence is:5) used of sounds and voices;
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable definition for "voice" in the given sentence is:2) the sound made by the vibration
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable definition for "places" in the given sentence is:4) any area set aside for a
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the given sentence is:5) used of sounds and voices;
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in this context is:5) address a question to and expect an
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable definition for "voice" in the given sentence is:2) the sound made by the vibration
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	1) enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in this context is:5) address a question to and expect an
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	1) enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mistake" in the given sentence is: "a wrong action attributable
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answering" in the given sentence is:1) react verbally
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mistake" in the given sentence is: "a wrong action attributable
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answering" in the given sentence is:1) react verbally
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skepticism" in the given context is: "doubt about the truth of something
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:4) make visible or noticeable
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "face" in the given sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skepticism" in the given context is: "doubt about the truth of something
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voice" in this context is:2) the sound made by the vibration
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:4) make visible or noticeable
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:1) enter or assume a certain
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "face" in the given sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	1) experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness; Christina RossettiThis definition best fits the
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voice" in this context is:2) the sound made by the vibration
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable definition for "moody" in the given context is:1) showing a brooding ill
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:1) enter or assume a certain
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	1) experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness; Christina RossettiThis definition best fits the
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "encourage" in the given sentence is:2) inspire with confidence
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable definition for "moody" in the given context is:1) showing a brooding ill
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being with someone
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable definition for the usage of "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "encourage" in the given sentence is:2) inspire with confidence
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "buy" in this context is:1) obtain by purchase; acquire
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being with someone
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:1) a single serving of
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable definition for the usage of "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) keep from happening or
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "buy" in this context is:1) obtain by purchase; acquire
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	1) capable of happening or existing
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:1) a single serving of
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in this context is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) keep from happening or
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence "But there was no trouble" is:
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	1) capable of happening or existing
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in this context is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the given sentence is:1) a single serving of a
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence "But there was no trouble" is:
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upset" in the given context is:2) cause to lose one'
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable definition for "appreciation" in the given sentence is:4) a favorable judgment
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the given sentence is:1) a single serving of a
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "break" in the given sentence is:18) interrupt a continued activity
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upset" in the given context is:2) cause to lose one'
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	1) conducive to or feeling mental discomfort
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable definition for "appreciation" in the given sentence is:4) a favorable judgment
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "silence" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being silent
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "break" in the given sentence is:18) interrupt a continued activity
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:4) begin to speak or
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	1) conducive to or feeling mental discomfort
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "talk" in the given sentence is:2) express in speech
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "silence" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being silent
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this context is:1) a single serving of a beverage
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:4) begin to speak or
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "complaining" in the given context is:1) express complaints,
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "talk" in the given sentence is:2) express in speech
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable definition for "subject" in the given sentence is:1) the subject matter of a conversation or
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable definition for "drinks" in this context is:1) a single serving of a beverage
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "complaining" in the given context is:1) express complaints,
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this context is:2) notice or perceiveIn
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable definition for "subject" in the given sentence is:1) the subject matter of a conversation or
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this context is:3) the power of attracting or holding one
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable definition for "showed" in the given context is:4) make visible or noticeable
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in this context is:2) notice or perceiveIn
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "alert" in the given context is:1) engaged in or acc
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this context is:3) the power of attracting or holding one
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable definition for "face" in this context is:1) the front of the human head from the
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable definition for "showed" in the given context is:4) make visible or noticeable
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "bright" in the given context is:7) not made dim or
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "alert" in the given context is:1) engaged in or acc
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in the given context is:3) attention to what is seen
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable definition for "face" in this context is:1) the front of the human head from the
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable definition for "paused" in the given sentence is: 2) cease an action temporarily.
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "bright" in the given context is:7) not made dim or
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "moisten" in the given sentence is "make moist". The stranger broke in while
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in the given context is:3) attention to what is seen
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "throat" in the given sentence is:1) the passage to the
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable definition for "paused" in the given sentence is: 2) cease an action temporarily.
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "moisten" in the given sentence is "make moist". The stranger broke in while
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable definition for "broke in" in the given sentence is:2) break into a conversation
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "throat" in the given sentence is:1) the passage to the
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pay" in the given sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bills" in the given sentence is:2) an itemized statement of
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable definition for "broke in" in the given sentence is:2) break into a conversation
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pay" in the given sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable definition for "men" in the given context is:8) a male person who plays a significant
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bills" in the given sentence is:2) an itemized statement of
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judg
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "divorce" in the given context is: "get a divorce; formally term
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable definition for "men" in the given context is:8) a male person who plays a significant
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bitch" in the given sentence is: "a person (usually but not necessarily
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable definition for "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judg
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	The most suitable definition for the use of "love" in the given sentence would be:2) get pleasure from
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "divorce" in the given context is: "get a divorce; formally term
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable definition for "get" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bitch" in the given sentence is: "a person (usually but not necessarily
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	The most suitable definition for the use of "love" in the given sentence would be:2) get pleasure from
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:15) get something; come into
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable definition for "get" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something concrete
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable definition for "deal" in the given sentence "Community property deal" is:2)
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "business" in the given sentence is:1) a commercial or industrial enterprise and the
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:15) get something; come into
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable definition for "share" in the given sentence is:1) assets belonging to or due to or
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable definition for "deal" in the given sentence "Community property deal" is:2)
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) lower and raise the head
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "business" in the given sentence is:1) a commercial or industrial enterprise and the
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence "Now I see" is:1) per
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable definition for "share" in the given sentence is:1) assets belonging to or due to or
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in the given sentence is:1) know and comprehend the
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) lower and raise the head
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence "Now I see" is:1) per
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence "I came out here to retire" is:
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in the given sentence is:1) know and comprehend the
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "retire" in the given sentence is:1) go into retirement
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence "I came out here to retire" is:
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "free" in the given sentence is "costing nothing" (definition 3).
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "retire" in the given sentence is:1) go into retirement
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable definition for "job" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of work required to
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "told" in the given sentence is:2) let something be known
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "free" in the given sentence is "costing nothing" (definition 3).
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable definition for "job" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of work required to
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "twinge" in the given sentence is: a sudden sharp feeling. This definition fits the
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "told" in the given sentence is:2) let something be known
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "annoyance" in the given sentence is:1) the psychological state of
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the given sentence is:1) perceive (sound)
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "twinge" in the given sentence is: a sudden sharp feeling. This definition fits the
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiar" in the given sentence is:1) well known or easily recognized
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "annoyance" in the given sentence is:1) the psychological state of
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable definition for "wild" in the given sentence is:2) in a natural state; not
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the given sentence is:1) perceive (sound)
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiar" in the given sentence is:1) well known or easily recognized
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouded" in the given sentence is:3) mentally disordered
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable definition for "wild" in the given sentence is:2) in a natural state; not
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the given sentence is:3) that which is responsible for
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Suppose" in the given sentence is:1) express a supposition
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouded" in the given sentence is:3) mentally disordered
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "suppose" in the given sentence is:1) express a supp
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the given sentence is:3) that which is responsible for
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Suppose" in the given sentence is:1) express a supposition
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:3) express a supposition
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "suppose" in the given sentence is:1) express a supp
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable definition for "professional" in the context of "retired professional killer" is:1
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "killer" in the given sentence "A retired professional killer" is:
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:3) express a supposition
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "nut" in the given sentence is:5) a whims
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable definition for "professional" in the context of "retired professional killer" is:1
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harm" in the given sentence is: "the occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "killer" in the given sentence "A retired professional killer" is:
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "nut" in the given sentence is:5) a whims
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harm" in the given sentence is: "the occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cunning" in the given sentence is: "marked by skill in deception."
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "proud" in the given sentence is:1) feeling self-
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable definition for "played" in the given sentence is:2) act or have an effect in
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cunning" in the given sentence is: "marked by skill in deception."
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "proud" in the given sentence is:1) feeling self-
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable definition for "played" in the given sentence is:2) act or have an effect in
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable definition for "soft spot" in the given sentence is:2) a sentimental affection
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offense" in the given sentence is:1) a lack of politeness
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable definition for "intended" in the given sentence is:3) mean or intend to express or convey
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable definition for "soft spot" in the given sentence is:2) a sentimental affection
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in wordsThis
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offense" in the given sentence is:1) a lack of politeness
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "suspect" in the given sentence is:2) regard as un
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable definition for "intended" in the given sentence is:3) mean or intend to express or convey
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The most suitable definition for "thing" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in wordsThis
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "suspect" in the given sentence is:2) regard as un
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the given sentence is:1) an event that might
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The most suitable definition for "thing" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:4) be familiar or
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable definition for "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the given sentence is:1) an event that might
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable definition for "managed" in the given sentence is:2) be in charge of, act on
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:4) be familiar or
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable definition for "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hooked" in the given sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable definition for "managed" in the given sentence is:2) be in charge of, act on
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is: "an individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burned" in the given sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hooked" in the given sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable definition for "muttered" in the given context is:1) talk indistinctly;
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:9) accord in appearance with
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burned" in the given sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable definition for "muttered" in the given context is:1) talk indistinctly;
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:9) accord in appearance with
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable definition for "has" in the given sentence is:10) be confronted with
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable definition for "alibi" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a defense
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Let" in the given sentence "Let me prove it, Phil." is:
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable definition for "has" in the given sentence is:10) be confronted with
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prove" in the given sentence is:2) establish the valid
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable definition for "alibi" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a defense
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Let" in the given sentence "Let me prove it, Phil." is:
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the given sentence is:1) an act of gracious
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prove" in the given sentence is:2) establish the valid
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waited" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable definition for "liquor" in the given sentence is:1) an alcoholic beverage
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the given sentence is:1) an act of gracious
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is:1) the lower side of anything
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waited" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable definition for "liquor" in the given sentence is:1) an alcoholic beverage
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rout" in the given context is:3) an overwhelming defeat
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is:1) the lower side of anything
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "backed" in this context is:3) give support or one's approval
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rout" in the given context is:3) an overwhelming defeat
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "backed" in this context is:3) give support or one's approval
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidate" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "reminder" in this context is:2) an experience that causes you to remember
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition of "federal" in the given context is:1) national; especially in reference to
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidate" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable definition of "level" in the given context is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "reminder" in this context is:2) an experience that causes you to remember
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	1) involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians; - Daniel Goleman
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition of "federal" in the given context is:1) national; especially in reference to
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in this context is:1) earlier than the present time;
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable definition of "level" in the given context is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	1) involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians; - Daniel Goleman
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the winner
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in this context is:1) earlier than the present time;
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "nation" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the winner
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "choose" in this context is:1) pick out, select,
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political power
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "nation" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "choose" in this context is:1) pick out, select,
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "percentage" in the given sentence is:1) a proportion in relation to
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political power
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equals" in this context is:1) be identical or equivalent to
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "percentage" in the given sentence is:1) a proportion in relation to
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tend" in the given sentence is:1) have a tendency
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equals" in this context is:1) be identical or equivalent to
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "favor" in the given sentence is:1) promote over another
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in the given context is:1) a member of the Republican
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tend" in the given sentence is:1) have a tendency
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "favor" in the given sentence is:1) promote over another
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in the given context is:1) a member of the Republican
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the winner of
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is: "earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	1) a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the winner of
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "major" in this context is:3) greater in number or size or amount.
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is: "earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	1) a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "popular" in this context is:2) carried on by or for the people
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "major" in this context is:3) greater in number or size or amount.
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "vote" in this context is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who holds
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "popular" in this context is:2) carried on by or for the people
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "seats" in this context is:7) the legal right to sit as a
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "vote" in this context is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for "popular" in this context is:2) carried on by or for the people
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who holds
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition for the word "vote" in this context is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for "seats" in this context is:7) the legal right to sit as a
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "opposite" in this context is:2) a relation of direct opposition
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for "popular" in this context is:2) carried on by or for the people
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accounts for" in the given sentence is: be the reason or explanation for. This
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition for the word "vote" in this context is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "opposite" in this context is:2) a relation of direct opposition
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given sentence would be:2) of the immediate past
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accounts for" in the given sentence is: be the reason or explanation for. This
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is: "a period of 10 years".
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition of "simple" in this context is:1) having few parts; not complex or complicated
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given sentence would be:2) of the immediate past
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "partial" in the given context is:1) being or affecting only a part;
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is: "a period of 10 years".
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "displayed" in this context is: 1) to show, make visible or apparent.
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition of "simple" in this context is:1) having few parts; not complex or complicated
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Americans" in the given context is:1) a native or inhabitant
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "partial" in the given context is:1) being or affecting only a part;
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the given context is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "displayed" in this context is: 1) to show, make visible or apparent.
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brands" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to a
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Americans" in the given context is:1) a native or inhabitant
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "political" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the given context is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "agents" in the given sentence is:2) a representative who acts on behalf
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brands" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to a
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in the given context is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "political" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brand" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to a product
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "agents" in the given sentence is:2) a representative who acts on behalf
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "minimalist" in the given context is:2) advocating minimal reforms
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in the given context is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition of "state" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized body of people
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brand" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to a product
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "virtues" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of doing what
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "minimalist" in the given context is:2) advocating minimal reforms
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "private" in the given context is:4) not expressedIn this sentence
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition of "state" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized body of people
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "markets" in the given sentence is:1) the world of commercial activity where
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "virtues" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of doing what
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable definition of "vices" in the given sentence is "moral weakness" or "immoral or de
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "private" in the given context is:4) not expressedIn this sentence
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "markets" in the given sentence is:1) the world of commercial activity where
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	The most suitable definition of "action" in the given sentence is:9) an act by a government body or
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable definition of "vices" in the given sentence is "moral weakness" or "immoral or de
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the given context is:1) characterized by or advocating
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brand" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to a product
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	The most suitable definition of "action" in the given sentence is:9) an act by a government body or
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the given context is:1) characterized by or advocating
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable definition of "intervention" in the given context is:5) care provided to improve a situation
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brand" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to a product
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	The most suitable definition of "remedy" in the given context is: 2) provide relief for. This definition fits
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable definition for "excesses" in the given context is:2) immoderation as
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable definition of "intervention" in the given context is:5) care provided to improve a situation
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable definition of "attendant" in the given context is:3) following or accompanying as a consequence
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	The most suitable definition of "remedy" in the given context is: 2) provide relief for. This definition fits
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable definition of "pursuit" in the given sentence is:2) a search for an alternative
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable definition for "excesses" in the given context is:2) immoderation as
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable definition for "private" in the given context is:4) not expressedIn this sentence
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable definition of "attendant" in the given context is:3) following or accompanying as a consequence
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable definition of "interest" in the given context is:5) (law) a right or legal
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable definition of "pursuit" in the given sentence is:2) a search for an alternative
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given sentence is:1) a person who represents
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable definition for "private" in the given context is:4) not expressedIn this sentence
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is:2) have as a featureThis
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable definition of "interest" in the given context is:5) (law) a right or legal
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibilities" in the given sentence is:3) a form of trustworth
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given sentence is:1) a person who represents
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voting" in the given sentence is:1) express one's preference
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is:2) have as a featureThis
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibilities" in the given sentence is:3) a form of trustworth
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "dealing" in the given context is:3) take action with respect to (
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voting" in the given sentence is:1) express one's preference
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to a
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "dealing" in the given context is:3) take action with respect to (
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:9) an act by a government body
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to a
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "casting" in the given sentence is:1) put or send forth
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:9) an act by a government body
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "legislation" among the given options is: 1) law enacted by
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "casting" in the given sentence is:1) put or send forth
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	The most suitable definition for "imposes" in the given context is:3) impose and collect
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable definition of "costs" in the given sentence is:1) the total spent for goods or
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "legislation" among the given options is: 1) law enacted by
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable definition for "confers" in the given context is:3) bestow or grant a quality
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	The most suitable definition for "imposes" in the given context is:3) impose and collect
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the given context is: 2) something that aids or prom
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable definition of "costs" in the given sentence is:1) the total spent for goods or
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "population" in the given sentence is:1) the people who inhabit a
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable definition for "confers" in the given context is:3) bestow or grant a quality
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable definition for "attending" in the given context would be "2) work for or be a servant to
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the given context is: 2) something that aids or prom
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "population" in the given sentence is:1) the people who inhabit a
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable definition for "attending" in the given context would be "2) work for or be a servant to
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person or
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is:3) a member of the United States
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person or
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "belief" in this context is: "any cognitive content held as true." This definition
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "minimalist" in the given context is:2) advocating minimal reforms
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is:3) a member of the United States
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "belief" in this context is: "any cognitive content held as true." This definition
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this context is: 1) disposed or inclined toward. This definition
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "minimalist" in the given context is:2) advocating minimal reforms
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "engage" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or participate in an
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this context is: 1) disposed or inclined toward. This definition
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the given context is:2) belong to or relating to
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "engage" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or participate in an
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who comp
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the given context is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the given context is:2) belong to or relating to
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "hold" in this context is:1) keep in a certain state, position,
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who comp
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis definition
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the given context is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the given sentence is:2) oppose, as in host
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "hold" in this context is:1) keep in a certain state, position,
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "have" in this context is:10) be confronted withThis
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis definition
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given context is: 1) a positive motivational influence
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the given sentence is:2) oppose, as in host
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "lean" in this context is:3) have a tendency or disposition to do
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "have" in this context is:10) be confronted withThis
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable definition in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party.The
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given context is: 1) a positive motivational influence
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "put" in the given sentence is:2) cause to be in a certain state
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "lean" in this context is:3) have a tendency or disposition to do
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable definition in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic Party.The
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "acquire" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "put" in the given sentence is:2) cause to be in a certain state
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the given context is:2) something that aids or
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "acquire" in the given sentence is:1) come into the possession of something
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this context is: "keep from happening or arising; make impossible." This
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the given context is:2) something that aids or
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bringing home the bacon" in the given context is: 2) supply
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this context is: "keep from happening or arising; make impossible." This
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comes" in the given sentence is: 2) be relevant to. This is because
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bringing home the bacon" in the given context is: 2) supply
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comes" in the given sentence is: 2) be relevant to. This is because
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given sentence is: 1) a positive motivational influence
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lean" in the given context is:3) have a tendency or
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given sentence is: 1) a positive motivational influence
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limit" in this context is:1) place limits on (extent or
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lean" in the given context is:3) have a tendency or
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given context is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limit" in this context is:1) place limits on (extent or
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "particular" in this context is:1) unique or specific to a person or
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given context is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in this context is:1) has a good chance of being the
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "particular" in this context is:1) unique or specific to a person or
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the given context is:2) able to accomplish a purpose;
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "preventing" in this context is: "keep from happening or arising; make impossible
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in this context is:1) has a good chance of being the
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied; - the White QueenIn the given sentence,
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the given context is:2) able to accomplish a purpose;
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "preventing" in this context is: "keep from happening or arising; make impossible
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given context is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied; - the White QueenIn the given sentence,
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the given sentence is:1) being or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:1) social or financial or professional status
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given context is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "enhanced" in the given sentence is "increase". The sentence implies
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the given sentence is:1) being or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the given context is:1) having few parts; not complex or
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:1) social or financial or professional status
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	1) make plain and comprehensible
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "enhanced" in the given sentence is "increase". The sentence implies
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	1) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number more than 2 or 3
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the given context is:1) having few parts; not complex or
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is "an entity that is not named specifically" (definition
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	1) make plain and comprehensible
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this context is: 1) become bigger or greater in amount.
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	1) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number more than 2 or 3
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given context is:5) take on a certain form,
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is "an entity that is not named specifically" (definition
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in this context is: 1) earlier than the present time; no
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this context is: 1) become bigger or greater in amount.
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the given context is:1) a vote to select the winner
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given context is:5) take on a certain form,
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in this context is: 1) earlier than the present time; no
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable definition of "advent" in this context is:1) arrival that has been awaited (
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the given context is:1) a vote to select the winner
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given context is:3) (government) the
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "occupied" in the given context is:3) occupy the whole of
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable definition of "advent" in this context is:1) arrival that has been awaited (
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given context is:3) (government) the
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable definition of "society" in this context is:1) an extended social group having a distinctive
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "occupied" in the given context is:3) occupy the whole of
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in this context is: a question raised for consideration or solution (definition
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "confronting" in the given context is:2) deal with (something unple
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable definition of "society" in this context is:1) an extended social group having a distinctive
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable definition for "races" in the given context is:1) any competitionThis definition
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	1) make plain and comprehensible
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in this context is: a question raised for consideration or solution (definition
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "hold" in this context is:5) have or hold in one's mind
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "confronting" in the given context is:2) deal with (something unple
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disdain" in the given context is:1) lack of respect accompanied
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable definition for "races" in the given context is:1) any competitionThis definition
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	1) make plain and comprehensible
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "love" in this context is:1) have a great affection or liking
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "hold" in this context is:5) have or hold in one's mind
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in this context is:1) a person who represents others
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disdain" in the given context is:1) lack of respect accompanied
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in this context is:1) being or characteristic of a
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "love" in this context is:1) have a great affection or liking
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constituents" in the given sentence is:2) a member of a
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in this context is:1) a person who represents others
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable definition of "appreciate" in this context is:1) recognize with gratitude; be grateful
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in this context is:1) being or characteristic of a
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specific" in the given context is:1) (sometimes followed by `
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constituents" in the given sentence is:2) a member of a
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given context is: "something that aids or promotes
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable definition of "appreciate" in this context is:1) recognize with gratitude; be grateful
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wins" in the given context is:3) obtain advantages, such as
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specific" in the given context is:1) (sometimes followed by `
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overall" in this context is:2) including everythingThis is
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given context is: "something that aids or promotes
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	The most suitable definition of "cost" in this context is:3) value measured by what must be given or
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wins" in the given context is:3) obtain advantages, such as
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overall" in this context is:2) including everythingThis is
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in this context is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	The most suitable definition of "cost" in this context is:3) value measured by what must be given or
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "suggests" in this context is:3) imply as a possibility
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in this context is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "suggests" in this context is:3) imply as a possibility
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	The most suitable definition for "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something coming
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "relative" in the given sentence is:2) properly related in size or degree or
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	The most suitable definition for "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something coming
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "have" in this context is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "relative" in the given sentence is:2) properly related in size or degree or
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who comp
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "have" in this context is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vulnerable" in the given context is:1) susceptible to
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in this context is:2) undergo a change or development
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who comp
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "immune" in the given context is:2) secure against
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vulnerable" in the given context is:1) susceptible to
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "exception" in this context is:2) an instance that does not conform to a
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in this context is:2) undergo a change or development
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "trend" in the given sentence is:3) a general tendency to change (
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "immune" in the given context is:2) secure against
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "freshman" in this context is: 2) any new participant in some activity.
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "exception" in this context is:2) an instance that does not conform to a
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is:1) a member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "trend" in the given sentence is:3) a general tendency to change (
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "brought" in this context is:2) cause to come into a particular state
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "freshman" in this context is: 2) any new participant in some activity.
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in this context is:1) a member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "revolution" in the given context is:1) a drastic and far-
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "brought" in this context is:2) cause to come into a particular state
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable definition for "running" in the given sentence is:9) run, stand, or compete for
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "freshmen" in the given sentence is: 1) a first-year undergraduate
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "revolution" in the given context is:1) a drastic and far-
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "placed" in the given sentence is:2) place somebody in a particular situation
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable definition for "running" in the given sentence is:9) run, stand, or compete for
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "emphasis" in the given context is:1) special importance or significance
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "freshmen" in the given sentence is: 1) a first-year undergraduate
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "placed" in the given sentence is:2) place somebody in a particular situation
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is:1) distribute or disperse
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "emphasis" in the given context is:1) special importance or significance
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "revolution" in the given context is:1) a drastic and far-
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is:1) distribute or disperse
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "revolution" in the given context is:1) a drastic and far-
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "indicates" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence of
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "attracting" in the given sentence is: 2) be attractive to. This definition
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "indicates" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence of
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "attracting" in the given sentence is: 2) be attractive to. This definition
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Potential" in the given sentence is: 1) existing in possibility. This
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "discouraged" in the given sentence is:2) deprive of courage
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Potential" in the given sentence is: 1) existing in possibility. This
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "running" in the given sentence is number 39: "cause to emit recorded audio
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prospect" in the given sentence is:1) the possibility of future success
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "discouraged" in the given sentence is:2) deprive of courage
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "running" in the given sentence is number 39: "cause to emit recorded audio
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this context is: 1) a contestant that you are matched against
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prospect" in the given sentence is:1) the possibility of future success
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or contest
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "potential" in the given sentence is: 1) existing in possibility. This definition fits
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this context is: 1) a contestant that you are matched against
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogniz
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "potential" in the given sentence is: 1) existing in possibility. This definition fits
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "works" in this context is:13) have and exert influence or effect
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "hindered" in this context is:2) hinder or prevent the
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogniz
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "attempts" in this context is: 1) earnest and conscientious
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "works" in this context is:13) have and exert influence or effect
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "competitive" in this context is:1) involving competition or competitiveness
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "hindered" in this context is:2) hinder or prevent the
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable definition of "slate" in this context is:4) a list of candidates nominated by a
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "attempts" in this context is: 1) earnest and conscientious
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "competitive" in this context is:1) involving competition or competitiveness
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "partial" in the given context is:1) being or affecting only a part;
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable definition of "slate" in this context is:4) a list of candidates nominated by a
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "reason" in the given context is:2) an explanation of the cause of some
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	1) the point or degree to which something extends
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "partial" in the given context is:1) being or affecting only a part;
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable definition for "held" in the given context is:1) keep in a certain state, position
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "reason" in the given context is:2) an explanation of the cause of some
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	1) the point or degree to which something extends
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "share" in the given context is:4) the part played by a person in
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for "power" in the given context is:5) one possessing or exercising power
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable definition for "held" in the given context is:1) keep in a certain state, position
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable definition for "able" in the given context is:1) (usually followed by `to
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "share" in the given context is:4) the part played by a person in
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable definition for "translate" in the given context is:6) be equivalent in effectThis definition
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for "power" in the given context is:5) one possessing or exercising power
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable definition for "able" in the given context is:1) (usually followed by `to
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the given context is: "something that aids or promotes well
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable definition for "translate" in the given context is:6) be equivalent in effectThis definition
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable definition for "had" in this context is:14) receive willingly something given or offered
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable definition for "strong" in the given context is:1) having strength or power greater than average
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the given context is: "something that aids or promotes well
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given context is: 1) a positive motivational influence
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable definition for "had" in this context is:14) receive willingly something given or offered
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable definition of "keep" in this context is:10) maintain in a place or position or
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable definition for "strong" in the given context is:1) having strength or power greater than average
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable definition for "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given context is: 1) a positive motivational influence
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is:4) (of a government or government official
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable definition of "keep" in this context is:10) maintain in a place or position or
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "suggests" in this context is:3) imply as a possibility
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	1) a member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable definition for "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "fared" in the given sentence is:1) proceed or get along
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable definition of "office" in this context is:4) (of a government or government official
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis definition
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "suggests" in this context is:3) imply as a possibility
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	1) a member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "campaigns" in the given sentence is:1) a race between candidates for
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "fared" in the given sentence is:1) proceed or get along
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "local" in this context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis definition
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is:1) of or relating to a nation or
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "campaigns" in the given sentence is:1) a race between candidates for
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in this context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "local" in this context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in this context is:1) the act that results in something coming
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "national" in this context is:1) of or relating to a nation or
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in this context is:4) a deliberative or legislative
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in this context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in this context is:1) regard something as probable or likely.
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	1) a member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in this context is:1) the act that results in something coming
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in this context is: 1) disposed or inclined toward. This
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in this context is:4) a deliberative or legislative
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable definition of "engage" in this context is:1) carry out or participate in an activity
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in this context is:1) regard something as probable or likely.
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	1) a member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable definition for "local" in this context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in this context is: 1) disposed or inclined toward. This
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable definition of "engage" in this context is:1) carry out or participate in an activity
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable definition of "counterparts" in this context is: a person or thing having the same function or characteristics as
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable definition for "local" in this context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "empirical" in the given context is:1) derived from experiment and
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given sentence "Is there any empirical support for this theory?" is:
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable definition of "counterparts" in this context is: a person or thing having the same function or characteristics as
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "pieces" in this context is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "empirical" in the given context is:1) derived from experiment and
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is: "an indication that makes something evident." (Definition
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given sentence "Is there any empirical support for this theory?" is:
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given context is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "pieces" in this context is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is: "an indication that makes something evident." (Definition
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this context is: disposed or inclined toward (Definition 1). This
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given context is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for "engage" in this context is:1) carry out or participate in an activity
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable definition for "willing" in this context is: disposed or inclined toward (Definition 1). This
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for "engage" in this context is:1) carry out or participate in an activity
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	The most suitable definition for "colleagues" in this context is:1) an associate that one works with
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "First" in the given sentence is:1) before anything elseThis
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "find" in this context is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	The most suitable definition for "colleagues" in this context is:1) an associate that one works with
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:2) particular to a given individual.
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "First" in the given sentence is:1) before anything elseThis
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "staff" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their superior
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "find" in this context is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in this context is:1) a sum of money allocated for
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	1) a member of the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:2) particular to a given individual.
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "staff" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their superior
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition of "primary" in this context is:1) of first rank or importance or value;
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in this context is:1) a sum of money allocated for
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	1) a member of the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable definition of "duty" in this context is: 2) work that you are obliged to perform
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the given context is:1) concerning or affecting a particular person
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition of "primary" in this context is:1) of first rank or importance or value;
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "staff" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable definition of "duty" in this context is: 2) work that you are obliged to perform
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "involves" in this context is:3) have as a necessary feature
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the given context is:1) concerning or affecting a particular person
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "staff" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicates" in this context is:4) give evidence of
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "involves" in this context is:3) have as a necessary feature
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "political" in the given context is:2) of or relating
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "philosophy" in the given context is:2) the rational investigation
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicates" in this context is:4) give evidence of
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "leads" in the given context is:9) be conducive to
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "political" in the given context is:2) of or relating
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in the given context is:1) a member of the Republican
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "philosophy" in the given context is:2) the rational investigation
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable definition for "narrow" in this context is: 2) limited in size or scope. This definition
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition for "leads" in the given context is:9) be conducive to
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition of "constituent" in this context is:2) a member of a constituency
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republicans" in the given context is:1) a member of the Republican
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in the given context is:1) something that interests you because
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable definition for "narrow" in this context is: 2) limited in size or scope. This definition
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given context is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition of "constituent" in this context is:2) a member of a constituency
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable definition of "valid" in this context is: 1) well grounded in logic or truth or having
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in the given context is:1) something that interests you because
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given context is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable definition of "valid" in this context is: 1) well grounded in logic or truth or having
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given context is:2) the frequency with which a
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rates" in the given sentence is:1) a magnitude or frequency relative
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	1) a member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given context is:2) the frequency with which a
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rates" in the given sentence is:1) a magnitude or frequency relative
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	1) a member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reflect" in the given sentence is:6) give evidence of a certain behavior
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:1) a plan of action adopted by
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reflect" in the given sentence is:6) give evidence of a certain behavior
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given context is:1) the act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:1) a plan of action adopted by
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given context is:1) the act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable definition for "devote" in the given context is:3) set aside or apart for a
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "indicate" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence ofThis
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable definition for "devote" in the given context is:3) set aside or apart for a
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in the given context is:2) belong to or relating to the
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "indicate" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence ofThis
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given context is:2) the frequency with which a
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) a magnitude or frequency relative to
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "Democratic" in the given context is:2) belong to or relating to the
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in the given context is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given context is:2) the frequency with which a
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given context is:2) the frequency with which a
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) a magnitude or frequency relative to
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) a magnitude or frequency relative to
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in the given context is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something,
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given context is:2) the frequency with which a
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given context is:1) a set of data
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) a magnitude or frequency relative to
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in this context is:1) a member of the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something,
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition of "proportion" in this context is:4) the relation between things (or
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given context is:1) a set of data
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:2) particular to a given individual.
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in this context is:1) a member of the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "staffs" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their superior in
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition of "proportion" in this context is:4) the relation between things (or
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable definition for "offices" in the given sentence is:1) place of business where professional or
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for "personal" in this context is:2) particular to a given individual.
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable definition for "staffs" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their superior in
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable definition of "duties" in the given context is:3) a government tax on imports
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable definition for "offices" in the given sentence is:1) place of business where professional or
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is: a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group (
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable definition of "duties" in the given context is:3) a government tax on imports
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given context is:1) the act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable definition for "activities" in the given context is:2) the state of being active
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is: a plan of action adopted by an individual or social group (
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable definition for "relative" in the given context is:2) properly related in size or degree or
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given context is:1) the act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable definition for "offices" in the given sentence is:1) place of business where professional or
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable definition for "activities" in the given context is:2) the state of being active
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "examination" in the given context is:1) the act of examining something
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable definition for "relative" in the given context is:2) properly related in size or degree or
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in this context is:2) a relational difference between states; especially
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable definition for "offices" in the given sentence is:1) place of business where professional or
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in the given context is:2) particular to a given individual
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "examination" in the given context is:1) the act of examining something
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "decisions" in the given context is:1) the act of making up your
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in this context is:2) a relational difference between states; especially
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "control" in the given context is:1) power to direct or determine
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in the given context is:2) particular to a given individual
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "body" in the given context is:2) a group of persons associated by some
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "decisions" in the given context is:1) the act of making up your
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable definition of "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political power
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "control" in the given context is:1) power to direct or determine
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in this context is: 2) make known to the public information that
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "body" in the given context is:2) a group of persons associated by some
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable definition for "personal" in the given context is:2) particular to a given individual
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable definition of "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political power
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable definition for "differences" in this context is:1) the quality of being unlike or
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in this context is: 2) make known to the public information that
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable definition for "noted" in the given context is:1) make mention ofThis
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable definition for "personal" in the given context is:2) particular to a given individual
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable definition of "table" in this context is:1) a set of data arranged in rows and
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	1) attribute or credit to
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable definition for "differences" in this context is:1) the quality of being unlike or
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable definition for "control" in the given context is:1) power to direct or determine
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable definition for "noted" in the given context is:1) make mention ofThis
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	1) a member of the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable definition of "table" in this context is:1) a set of data arranged in rows and
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	The most suitable definition for "exercise" in the given context is:2) carry out or practice; as
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	1) attribute or credit to
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable definition of "status" in this context is:1) the relative position or standing of things or
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable definition for "control" in the given context is:1) power to direct or determine
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	1) a member of the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	The most suitable definition for "exercise" in the given context is:2) carry out or practice; as
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable definition for "resources" in the given context is:3) the ability to deal resourcefully with
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable definition of "status" in this context is:1) the relative position or standing of things or
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable definition for "committee" in this context is:1) a special group delegated to consider
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable definition for the word "staff" in the given context is:1) personnel who assist their superior
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable definition for "resources" in the given context is:3) the ability to deal resourcefully with
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "piece" in the given context is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable definition for "committee" in this context is:1) a special group delegated to consider
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given context is: "an indication that makes something evident." This
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable definition for the word "staff" in the given context is:1) personnel who assist their superior
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition of "Holding" in the given context is:1) keep in a certain state,
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "piece" in the given context is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given context is: "an indication that makes something evident." This
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in this context is:1) anything that contributes causally
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition of "Holding" in the given context is:1) keep in a certain state,
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the given context is:1) unvarying in nature
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable definition of "incumbency" in this context is:1) the term during which some position
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	1) the quality of having a superior or more favorable position
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in this context is:1) anything that contributes causally
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regional" in this context is:1) characteristic of a region
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the given context is:1) unvarying in nature
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in this context is:1) anything that contributes causally
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable definition of "incumbency" in this context is:1) the term during which some position
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	1) the quality of having a superior or more favorable position
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:5) the number that remains after subtr
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regional" in this context is:1) characteristic of a region
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition of "popular" in the given context is:1) regarded with great favor, approval
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in this context is:1) anything that contributes causally
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in this context is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:5) the number that remains after subtr
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition of "popular" in the given context is:1) regarded with great favor, approval
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in this context is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:4) a politically organized body of
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	1) relating to a president or presidency
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conducting" in the given context is:1) direct the course of;
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:4) a politically organized body of
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given context is:1) be shown or be
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conducting" in the given context is:1) direct the course of;
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable definition for "positive" in this context is:8) of or relating to positivism
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given context is:1) (mathematics
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given context is:1) be shown or be
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the given context is:1) an onerous or
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable definition for "positive" in this context is:8) of or relating to positivism
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given context is:4) a politically organized
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given context is:1) (mathematics
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable definition for "progressive" in the given context is:3) (of taxes) adjusted so
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the given context is:1) an onerous or
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable definition for "hits" in this context is number 5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually advers
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given context is:4) a politically organized
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given context is:1) greater than normal in
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable definition for "progressive" in the given context is:3) (of taxes) adjusted so
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:4) a politically organized body of
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable definition for "hits" in this context is number 5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually advers
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "put" in this context is:2) cause to be in a certain state;
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given context is:1) greater than normal in
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:4) a politically organized body of
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for "put" in this context is:2) cause to be in a certain state;
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "looked on" in this context is: 2) look on as or consider. This
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who holds the office
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "looked on" in this context is: 2) look on as or consider. This
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable definition for "severe" in the given context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "take" in the given sentence is:6) interpret something in a certain way;
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable definition for "severe" in the given context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "same" in the given context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "take" in the given sentence is:6) interpret something in a certain way;
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "federal" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "same" in the given context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lines" in the given sentence is:1) a formation of people or things
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "federal" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "reverse" in the given context is:1) a relation of direct opposition
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "investigation" in this context is:2) the work of inqu
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lines" in the given sentence is:1) a formation of people or things
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in this context is: 2) make known to the public information that
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "reverse" in the given context is:1) a relation of direct opposition
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "holding" in the given context is:1) keep in a certain state,
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "investigation" in this context is:2) the work of inqu
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in this context is: 2) make known to the public information that
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in this context is:1) anything that contributes causally
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "holding" in the given context is:1) keep in a certain state,
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the given context is:1) unvarying in nature
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:5) the number that remains after subtr
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in this context is:1) anything that contributes causally
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the given context is:1) unvarying in nature
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "major" in the given context is:1) of greater importance or stature or
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:5) the number that remains after subtr
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable definition for "vote" in this context is:1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "major" in the given context is:1) of greater importance or stature or
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable definition for "going" in the given sentence is:2) follow a procedure or take a course
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "party" in this context is:1) an organization to gain political
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable definition for "vote" in this context is:1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable definition for "going" in the given sentence is:2) follow a procedure or take a course
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable definition of "share" in this context is:3) the allotment of some amount by
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in this context is: 1) a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is number 5: "an official assembly having legislative powers
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:1) relating to or belonging to the
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable definition for "positive" in this context is number 8) "of or relating to positivism
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable definition of "share" in this context is:3) the allotment of some amount by
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "function" in the given context is:1) (mathematics
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is number 5: "an official assembly having legislative powers
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable definition for "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable definition for "positive" in this context is number 8) "of or relating to positivism
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable definition of "federal" among the given options is:1) national; especially in reference to
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "function" in the given context is:1) (mathematics
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable definition of "levels" in the given context is:3) a specific identifiable position in
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable definition for "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable definition of "part" in this context is:9) one of the portions into which something is
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable definition of "federal" among the given options is:1) national; especially in reference to
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "irrational" in the given context is: "not consistent with or using reason."
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable definition of "levels" in the given context is:3) a specific identifiable position in
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable definition of "part" in this context is:9) one of the portions into which something is
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in this context is:1) to show, make visible or apparent
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "irrational" in the given context is: "not consistent with or using reason."
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rational" in the given context is:1) consistent with or based on
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in this context is:1) to show, make visible or apparent
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rational" in the given context is:1) consistent with or based on
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devastating" in the given context is: "cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earthquake" among the given options is:1) shaking and vibr
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "residents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who lives at a particular
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devastating" in the given context is: "cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "searched" in the given sentence is:1) try to
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earthquake" among the given options is:1) shaking and vibr
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition of "comfort" in the given sentence is:3) the act of consoling;
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "residents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who lives at a particular
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "solace" in the given sentence is:2) comfort in disappointment or misery
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "searched" in the given sentence is:1) try to
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screen" in the given sentence "Some found it on the screen of a personal computer"
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition of "comfort" in the given sentence is:3) the act of consoling;
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "solace" in the given sentence is:2) comfort in disappointment or misery
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "computers" in the given sentence would be:2) an expert at calculation (
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screen" in the given sentence "Some found it on the screen of a personal computer"
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "link" in the given sentence is:4) link with or as with a
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "computers" in the given sentence would be:2) an expert at calculation (
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "computers" in the given sentence would be:2) an expert at calculation (
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "vivid" in the given context is:1) evoking lifelike images
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "link" in the given sentence is:4) link with or as with a
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive,
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable definition for "computers" in the given sentence would be:2) an expert at calculation (
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "electronic" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "vivid" in the given context is:1) evoking lifelike images
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "subscribers" in the given sentence is:3) someone who contracts to receive
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive,
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in;
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "electronic" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "subscribers" in the given sentence is:3) someone who contracts to receive
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:4) come to the surfaceIn
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in;
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "teemed" in the given sentence is:1) be teem
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "emotional" in the given sentence is option 2) of more than usual emotion.
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:4) come to the surfaceIn
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of the news
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "teemed" in the given sentence is:1) be teem
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "electronic" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "emotional" in the given sentence is option 2) of more than usual emotion.
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "traffic" in the given sentence is:1) the aggregation of things (
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of the news
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:7) a reading of a point in
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "electronic" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Time" in the given sentence is:7) a reading of a point in
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "traffic" in the given sentence is:1) the aggregation of things (
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subscribers" in this context is: someone who contracts to receive and pay for a
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:7) a reading of a point in
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given context is:1) put into service;
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Time" in the given sentence is:7) a reading of a point in
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "identify" in the given context is:1) recognize as being
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subscribers" in this context is: someone who contracts to receive and pay for a
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "avenues" in the given sentence is:2) a wide street or thoroughfare
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given context is:1) put into service;
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "identify" in the given context is:1) recognize as being
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "old" in the given context is:5) belonging to some prior time.
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "avenues" in the given sentence is:2) a wide street or thoroughfare
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "heart" in the given sentence is:2) the hollow muscular organ located behind
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "old" in the given context is:5) belonging to some prior time.
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "fallen" in the given context is:23) lose an upright position suddenly
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "poster" in the given sentence is:1) a sign posted in a public
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for "heart" in the given sentence is:2) the hollow muscular organ located behind
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "frames" in the given context is:10) a framework that supports and protect
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "fallen" in the given context is:23) lose an upright position suddenly
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:1) a brittle transparent solid with
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "poster" in the given sentence is:1) a sign posted in a public
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "frames" in the given context is:10) a framework that supports and protect
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "open" in the given context is:2) affording free passage or access
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:1) a brittle transparent solid with
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is: preferred above all others and treated with partiality.
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "open" in the given context is:2) affording free passage or access
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is:3) an amusement or pastime
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is: preferred above all others and treated with partiality.
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "start" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:3) perceive by a physical sensation
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is:3) an amusement or pastime
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:2) have a beginning, in a temporal
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	1) throw a glance at; take a brief look at
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "start" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:3) perceive by a physical sensation
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time or order.
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:2) have a beginning, in a temporal
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	1) throw a glance at; take a brief look at
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiled" in the given context is:1) change one'
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable definition of "guilty" in the given context is:2) showing a sense of guilt;
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time or order.
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "mouthed" in the given sentence is option 2) articulate silently; form words
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiled" in the given context is:1) change one'
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "words" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of language that native
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable definition of "guilty" in the given context is:2) showing a sense of guilt;
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth-quake" among the given options is:1) shaking and
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "mouthed" in the given sentence is option 2) articulate silently; form words
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "long" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense;
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "words" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of language that native
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "takes" in the given sentence is:12) assume, as of positions
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth-quake" among the given options is:1) shaking and
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "pass" in the given sentence is "8) come to pass". This definition fits the context
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "long" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense;
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "takes" in the given sentence is:12) assume, as of positions
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "pass" in the given sentence is "8) come to pass". This definition fits the context
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:1) move or cause to move
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable definition of "child" in this context would be the first one: "a young person of either sex."
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "toy" in the given sentence is:1) an artifact designed to
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:1) move or cause to move
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "block" in the given sentence is:1) a solid piece of something (us
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable definition of "child" in this context would be the first one: "a young person of either sex."
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "tossed" in the given sentence is:4) move or stir about viol
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "toy" in the given sentence is:1) an artifact designed to
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "library" in the given sentence is:3) a depository built to contain
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "block" in the given sentence is:1) a solid piece of something (us
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:2) hit against; come into sudden contact
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "tossed" in the given sentence is:4) move or stir about viol
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Endless" in the given sentence is:1) tiresomely long;
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "library" in the given sentence is:3) a depository built to contain
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:2) hit against; come into sudden contact
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondering" in the given sentence is:2) place in doubt or
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Endless" in the given sentence is:1) tiresomely long;
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "windows" in the given sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "buckle" in the given sentence is:3) bend out
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondering" in the given sentence is:2) place in doubt or
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shower" in the given sentence is:4) rain abundantly
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "windows" in the given sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "glass" in the given sentence is:1) a brittle transparent
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "buckle" in the given sentence is:3) bend out
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or composition that
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shower" in the given sentence is:4) rain abundantly
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fell" in the given sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading room"
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "glass" in the given sentence is:1) a brittle transparent
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "paint" in the given sentence is:1) a substance used
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or composition that
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shop" in the given sentence is:2) small workplace where handcrafts
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fell" in the given sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading room"
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fire" in the given sentence is:3) the process of comb
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "paint" in the given sentence is:1) a substance used
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sent" in the given sentence is:2) to cause or order to be
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shop" in the given sentence is:2) small workplace where handcrafts
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cloud" in the given sentence is:1) any collection of particles
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fire" in the given sentence is:3) the process of comb
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "black" in the given sentence is:1) being
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sent" in the given sentence is:2) to cause or order to be
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smoke" in the given sentence is:1) a cloud of fine particles
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cloud" in the given sentence is:1) any collection of particles
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "air" in the given sentence is:2) the region above the ground
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "black" in the given sentence is:1) being
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smoke" in the given sentence is:1) a cloud of fine particles
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "air" in the given sentence is:2) the region above the ground
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shook" in the given sentence is:2) move with or as if
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like hell" in the given sentence is:3) in a very intense,
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in the given sentence is:10) maintain by keeping in a
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shook" in the given sentence is:2) move with or as if
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "getting" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like hell" in the given sentence is:3) in a very intense,
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploding" in the given sentence is:1) cause to burst with a
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in the given sentence is:10) maintain by keeping in a
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "burning" in the given sentence is:10) feel hot or painful
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "getting" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploding" in the given sentence is:1) cause to burst with a
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "peaceful" in this context is:1) not disturbed by strife
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable definition for "burning" in the given sentence is:10) feel hot or painful
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "car" in the given sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "peaceful" in this context is:1) not disturbed by strife
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alarms" in the given sentence is:3) an automatic signal (us
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went off" in the given sentence is:2) be discharged
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "car" in the given sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cats" in the given sentence is:1) feline mammal usually
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alarms" in the given sentence is:3) an automatic signal (us
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went off" in the given sentence is:2) be discharged
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nervous" in the given sentence is:2) causing or fraug
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cats" in the given sentence is:1) feline mammal usually
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fire" in the given sentence is:1) the event of something
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fill" in the given sentence is:3) any material that f
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nervous" in the given sentence is:2) causing or fraug
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "liquefy" in the given sentence is:1) become
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fire" in the given sentence is:1) the event of something
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fill" in the given sentence is:3) any material that f
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "able" in the given sentence is:3) having inherent physical or
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "liquefy" in the given sentence is:1) become
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "walk" in the given sentence is:1) use one's feet
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "able" in the given sentence is:3) having inherent physical or
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "walk" in the given sentence is:1) use one's feet
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence would be:4) height above groundThis
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the given sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is:
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence would be:4) height above groundThis
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "driving" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicle
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the given sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is:
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given context is:1) come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for "driving" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicle
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "red light" in the given context is:2) the signal to stop.
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:4) the intersection of two streets
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given context is:1) come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given context is:2) hit against; come into sudden contact
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "red light" in the given context is:2) the signal to stop.
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:4) the intersection of two streets
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:3) see or watchThis
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given context is:2) hit against; come into sudden contact
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the given sentence is:3) move in a wavy
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence would be:1) the upper part of the human
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:3) see or watchThis
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:6) any artifact consisting of a
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the given sentence is:3) move in a wavy
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "drive" in the given sentence is:6) force into or from an
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence would be:1) the upper part of the human
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ft." in the given sentence is:2) a linear unit of length equal
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:6) any artifact consisting of a
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "pier" in the given sentence is:1) a platform built out from the
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "drive" in the given sentence is:6) force into or from an
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dramatic" in the given sentence "It flopped all around, real dramatic
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ft." in the given sentence is:2) a linear unit of length equal
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hairline" in the given sentence is:1) a very thin line
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "pier" in the given sentence is:1) a platform built out from the
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "cracks" in the given sentence is:7) a blemish resulting from
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dramatic" in the given sentence "It flopped all around, real dramatic
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Ruined" in the given sentence is:1) destroy completely
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hairline" in the given sentence is:1) a very thin line
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damn" in the given sentence is:1) used as ex
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable definition for "cracks" in the given sentence is:7) a blemish resulting from
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Ruined" in the given sentence is:1) destroy completely
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damn" in the given sentence is:1) used as ex
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "heard" in the given sentence is:1) perceive (
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parts" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "heard" in the given sentence is:1) perceive (
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking"
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parts" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cracking" in the given sentence is:7) break suddenly and
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is:
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking"
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "die" in the given sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cracking" in the given sentence is:7) break suddenly and
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decide" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is:
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "die" in the given sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decide" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable definition for "stilts" in the given sentence is:2) one of two stout
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make, or
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smell" in the given sentence is:1) the sensation that
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable definition for "stilts" in the given sentence is:2) one of two stout
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "gas" in the given sentence is:3) a volatile flammable
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make, or
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:2) move pastThis definition
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smell" in the given sentence is:1) the sensation that
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crossing" in the given sentence is:1) travel across or
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "gas" in the given sentence is:3) a volatile flammable
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:2) move pastThis definition
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouds" in the given sentence is:2) a visible mass of water
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crossing" in the given sentence is:1) travel across or
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:1) an indentation of a
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fire" in the given sentence is:1) the event of something
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouds" in the given sentence is:2) a visible mass of water
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence "I have felt many aftershocks" is:
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:1) an indentation of a
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "back" in the given sentence is:1) the posterior part of a human (
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fire" in the given sentence is:1) the event of something
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the given sentence is:1) the (prehensile
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence "I have felt many aftershocks" is:
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in the given sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition for "back" in the given sentence is:1) the posterior part of a human (
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the given sentence is:1) the (prehensile
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of an organ
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in the given sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:1) move or cause to move
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of an organ
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:1) move or cause to move
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:1) an indentation of a shore
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "believe" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:1) an indentation of a shore
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur,
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "believe" in the given sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:9) a projecting part where two
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur,
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "old" in the given sentence is:1) (used especially of
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:9) a projecting part where two
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "lady" in this context would be "a woman of refinement" (definition 2
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "old" in the given sentence is:1) (used especially of
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "old" in the given sentence is:1) (used especially of
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	1) a woman who has given birth to a child (also used as a term of address to your mother)
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable definition for "lady" in this context would be "a woman of refinement" (definition 2
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or composition
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	1) write by means of a keyboard with types
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "old" in the given sentence is:1) (used especially of
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:5) (of persons) on the
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	1) a woman who has given birth to a child (also used as a term of address to your mother)
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "position" in the given sentence "This being typed in a standing position" would be:
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or composition
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	1) write by means of a keyboard with types
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "feel" in the given sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:5) (of persons) on the
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "thing" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	The most suitable definition for "position" in the given sentence "This being typed in a standing position" would be:
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or per
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "feel" in the given sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	1) being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a bit weird
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for "thing" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bird" in the given sentence is:1) warm
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or per
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	1) being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected; slightly odd or even a bit weird
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Duck" in the given sentence "Duck swarms" is:1
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bird" in the given sentence is:1) warm
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "swarms" in the sentence "Duck swarms" would be:2)
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence "I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Duck" in the given sentence "Duck swarms" is:1
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "swarms" in the sentence "Duck swarms" would be:2)
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "numb" in the given sentence "I'm just numb" is
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence "I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "numb" in the given sentence "I'm just numb" is
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "town" in the given sentence would be:1) an urban area with
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable definition for "phones" in the given sentence is:1) electronic equipment that converts sound into
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "mess" in the given context is:1) a state of confusion and disorder
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "town" in the given sentence would be:1) an urban area with
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable definition for "wine" in the given sentence is: "fermented juice (of grapes especially
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable definition for "phones" in the given sentence is:1) electronic equipment that converts sound into
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floors" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "mess" in the given context is:1) a state of confusion and disorder
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable definition for "big" in the given context is:1) above average in size or number or
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable definition for "wine" in the given sentence is: "fermented juice (of grapes especially
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable definition for "old" in the given context is:5) belonging to some prior time.
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floors" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "quivers" in the given context is:2) a shaky motion
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable definition for "big" in the given context is:1) above average in size or number or
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as living
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable definition for "old" in the given context is:5) belonging to some prior time.
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "quivers" in the given context is:2) a shaky motion
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "unpredictable" in the given sentence is:1) not capable
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as living
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "intervals" in the given sentence is:1) a definite length of time
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouse" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous small rodents
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "unpredictable" in the given sentence is:1) not capable
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "living" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable definition for "intervals" in the given sentence is:1) a definite length of time
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:8) take into one's possession
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouse" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous small rodents
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable definition for "refuge" in the given sentence is:3) a shelter from danger or hard
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "living" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distressed" in the given sentence is:2) generalized feeling of distress
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:8) take into one's possession
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "rolled" in the given sentence is:13) move, rock, or sway
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable definition for "refuge" in the given sentence is:3) a shelter from danger or hard
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "town" in the given sentence is:1) an urban area with a fixed boundary
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distressed" in the given sentence is:2) generalized feeling of distress
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in the given sentence is "an event" (definition 5). This is
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "rolled" in the given sentence is:13) move, rock, or sway
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "town" in the given sentence is:1) an urban area with a fixed boundary
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "ran" in the given sentence is:2) flee; take to one'
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in the given sentence is "an event" (definition 5). This is
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "door" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding barrier that
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "spent" in the given sentence is: 1) pass time in a
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable definition for "ran" in the given sentence is:2) flee; take to one'
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time or
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "door" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding barrier that
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "spent" in the given sentence is: 1) pass time in a
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:3) see or watchThis
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time or
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "brick" in the given sentence is:1) rectangular block of
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable definition for "feet" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the leg of
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:3) see or watchThis
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable definition for "flowers" in the given sentence would be:2) reproductive organ of
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "brick" in the given sentence is:1) rectangular block of
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable definition for "waving" in the given sentence is:3) move in a wavy pattern
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable definition for "feet" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the leg of
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable definition of "rhythm" in the given sentence is:3) an interval during which a recur
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable definition for "flowers" in the given sentence would be:2) reproductive organ of
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Amazing" in the given sentence is "surprising greatly". This definition fits because
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable definition for "waving" in the given sentence is:3) move in a wavy pattern
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "does" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable definition of "rhythm" in the given sentence is:3) an interval during which a recur
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence is:3) a single person or thing
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Amazing" in the given sentence is "surprising greatly". This definition fits because
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence is:3) a single person or thing
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "does" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:2) give a certain impression or
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence is:3) a single person or thing
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "calm" in the given sentence is: not agitated; without losing self-
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence is:3) a single person or thing
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "surreal" in the given sentence is:1) characterized by fantastic
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:2) give a certain impression or
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the given sentence is:1) less than normal in degree or
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "calm" in the given sentence is: not agitated; without losing self-
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "surreal" in the given sentence is:1) characterized by fantastic
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for "confusion" in the given sentence is:2) a mental state characterized by a
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the given sentence is:1) less than normal in degree or
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:1) continue a certain state, condition
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "seems" in the given context is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for "confusion" in the given sentence is:2) a mental state characterized by a
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:1) continue a certain state, condition
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable definition for "doing" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable definition for "seems" in the given context is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable definition of "sound" in the given context is:2) the subjective sensation of hearing something
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for "lights" in the given sentence is:2) any device serving as a source of
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable definition for "doing" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "friend" in the given sentence is:1) a person you know well and regard
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable definition of "sound" in the given context is:2) the subjective sensation of hearing something
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for "underground" in the given sentence is: 1) under the level of the ground.
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for "lights" in the given sentence is:2) any device serving as a source of
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "computer" in the given sentence would be:1) a machine
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable definition for "friend" in the given sentence is:1) a person you know well and regard
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable definition for "center" in the given sentence is:11) a place where some particular activity
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	The most suitable definition for "underground" in the given sentence is: 1) under the level of the ground.
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "computer" in the given sentence would be:1) a machine
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable definition for "center" in the given sentence is:11) a place where some particular activity
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sliding" in the given sentence is:1) move obli
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sliding" in the given sentence is:1) move obli
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive;
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by movement
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive;
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "let" in this context is:3) consent to, give permission
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by movement
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "let" in this context is:3) consent to, give permission
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or per
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounds" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "head" in the given sentence is:1) the
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or per
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "walking" in the given sentence is:1) use one'
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	1) a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounds" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "head" in the given sentence is:1) the
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "car" in the given sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "walking" in the given sentence is:1) use one'
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	1) a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bouncing" in the given sentence is:3) move up and down
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "car" in the given sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur,
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bouncing" in the given sentence is:3) move up and down
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "screamed" in the given sentence is:1) utter a
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur,
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "screamed" in the given sentence is:1) utter a
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding barrier that
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for "feet" in the given sentence is:7) travel by walkingIn
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding barrier that
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for "feet" in the given sentence is:7) travel by walkingIn
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable definition of "dog" in the given context is:1) a member of the genus Canis
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable definition for "watching" in the given context is:3) see or watchThis
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable definition of "dog" in the given context is:1) a member of the genus Canis
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable definition for "outside" in the given context is:1) relating to or being on or
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable definition for the word "dance" in the given context is:3) move up and down
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable definition for "watching" in the given context is:3) see or watchThis
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable definition for "outside" in the given context is:1) relating to or being on or
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable definition for "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable definition for the word "dance" in the given context is:3) move up and down
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in this context is:1) a dwelling that serves as living
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable definition for "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	1) address a deity, a prophet, a saint or an object of worship; say a prayer
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in this context is:1) a dwelling that serves as living
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable definition for "come" in the given sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive by movement
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection and security
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	1) address a deity, a prophet, a saint or an object of worship; say a prayer
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by movement
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable definition for "come" in the given sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive by movement
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence "Never in my life have I been so frightened" is
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection and security
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saw" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by movement
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pictures" in the given sentence is:1) a visual representation (
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence "Never in my life have I been so frightened" is
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable definition for "began" in the given sentence is:3) set in motion, cause
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saw" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cry" in the given sentence is:2) shed tears because of sad
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pictures" in the given sentence is:1) a visual representation (
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable definition for "began" in the given sentence is:3) set in motion, cause
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cry" in the given sentence is:2) shed tears because of sad
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walking around" in the given sentence is:1) walk with no particular
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinking" in the given sentence is:2) consume alcoholThis
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting down" in this context is:1) take a seat
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walking around" in the given sentence is:1) walk with no particular
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "meet" in the given sentence is:2) get together socially
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinking" in the given sentence is:2) consume alcoholThis
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting down" in this context is:1) take a seat
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "clients" in the given sentence is:3) (computer science) any
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "meet" in the given sentence is:2) get together socially
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this context is:1) a pair who associate with one another
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "clients" in the given sentence is:3) (computer science) any
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable definition for "couple" in this context is:1) a pair who associate with one another
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given context is:1) move or cause to move
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "flimsy" in the given sentence is:1) lacking solid
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:1) a thing constructed; a complex
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given context is:1) move or cause to move
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "built" in the given sentence is:1) make by combining materials
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "flimsy" in the given sentence is:1) lacking solid
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable definition for "supports" in the given sentence is:7) a supporting structure that holds up
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:1) a thing constructed; a complex
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rocking" in the given sentence is:1) move back and forth or
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "built" in the given sentence is:1) make by combining materials
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable definition for "supports" in the given sentence is:7) a supporting structure that holds up
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breathing" in the given sentence is:1) draw air into,
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rocking" in the given sentence is:1) move back and forth or
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "moment" in the given sentence is:1) a particular point in time
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in the given sentence is:2) continue a certain state, condition
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breathing" in the given sentence is:1) draw air into,
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable definition for "coming" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something or
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "moment" in the given sentence is:1) a particular point in time
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in the given sentence is:2) continue a certain state, condition
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "session" in the given sentence is:3) a meeting devoted to
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable definition for "coming" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something or
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable definition of "family" in the given sentence is:1) a social unit living together
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "session" in the given sentence is:3) a meeting devoted to
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "spent" in the given sentence is:1) pass time in
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable definition for "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable definition of "family" in the given sentence is:1) a social unit living together
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable definition for "knowing" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "spent" in the given sentence is:1) pass time in
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable definition for "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolling" in the given sentence is:11) move in a wavy
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable definition for "knowing" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ocean" in the given sentence would be:1) a large
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waves" in the given sentence is:1) one of a series of
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolling" in the given sentence is:11) move in a wavy
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable definition for "ran" in the given sentence is:1) move fast by using one's
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ocean" in the given sentence would be:1) a large
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waves" in the given sentence is:1) one of a series of
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable definition for "get" in the given sentence is:1) come into possession of something concrete or
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable definition for "ran" in the given sentence is:1) move fast by using one's
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is:2) a small earthquake
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable definition for "get" in the given sentence is:1) come into possession of something concrete or
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "threw" in the given sentence is:1) propel through the air
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable definition of "air" in the given sentence is:2) the region above the ground
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is:2) a small earthquake
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "bounced" in the given context is:1) spring back; spring
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "threw" in the given sentence is:1) propel through the air
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attempt
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable definition of "air" in the given sentence is:2) the region above the ground
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable definition for "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in satisf
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "bounced" in the given context is:1) spring back; spring
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "full" in the given sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attempt
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crystal" in the given sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable definition for "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in satisf
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or composition
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "full" in the given sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tapes" in the given sentence is:2) a recording made on magnetic
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	1) an area within a building enclosed by walls and floor and ceiling
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crystal" in the given sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this context is option 8) "an entity that is not named specifically."
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or composition
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tapes" in the given sentence is:2) a recording made on magnetic
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	1) an area within a building enclosed by walls and floor and ceiling
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:2) the manner of construction of something and
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this context is option 8) "an entity that is not named specifically."
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable definition for "fine" in this context is:1) being satisfactory or in satisfactory
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location,
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:2) the manner of construction of something and
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable definition for "fine" in this context is:1) being satisfactory or in satisfactory
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in the given context is:2) a small earthquake
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location,
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable definition for "emerging" in the given sentence is:4) come up to the surface of
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in the given context is:2) a small earthquake
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the given sentence is:1) the solid part of the earth'
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "amazing" in the given sentence is: surprising greatly. This definition fits the
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable definition for "emerging" in the given sentence is:4) come up to the surface of
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the given sentence is:1) the solid part of the earth'
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "change" in the given sentence is:3) become different in some particular
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "amazing" in the given sentence is: surprising greatly. This definition fits the
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive;
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable definition for "guess" in the given sentence is:1) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "change" in the given sentence is:3) become different in some particular
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable definition for "living" in the given sentence is:2) lead a certain kind of life
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive;
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable definition for "guess" in the given sentence is:1) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the given sentence is:11) unfortunate or hard to bear
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable definition for "living" in the given sentence is:2) lead a certain kind of life
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "accept" in the given sentence is:1) consider or hold as
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable definition for "took" in the given sentence is number 19) accept or undergo, often
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the given sentence is:11) unfortunate or hard to bear
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "accept" in the given sentence is:1) consider or hold as
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "wonder" in the given sentence is:1) have a
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable definition for "took" in the given sentence is number 19) accept or undergo, often
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "relax" in the given sentence is:1) become less tense
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "wonder" in the given sentence is:1) have a
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Flesh" in the given sentence is:1) the soft tissue of the
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the given sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "relax" in the given sentence is:1) become less tense
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable definition for "flight" in the given sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight"
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Flesh" in the given sentence is:1) the soft tissue of the
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable definition for "fight" in the given sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight"
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	1) the state that precedes vomiting
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the given sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable definition for "flight" in the given sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight"
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commonplace" in the given sentence is: 1) completely ordinary and unremarkable
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable definition for "fight" in the given sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight"
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	1) the state that precedes vomiting
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "symptom" in the given sentence is:1) (med
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "quiet" in the given sentence is:1) characterized by an
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commonplace" in the given sentence is: 1) completely ordinary and unremarkable
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:4) traverse or cover by walking
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "symptom" in the given sentence is:1) (med
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "quiet" in the given sentence is:1) characterized by an
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "morning" in the given sentence is:1) the time period
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:4) traverse or cover by walking
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable definition for "Next" in the given sentence is: 2) nearest in space or position; immediately ad
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable definition for "bundled" in this context is: 1) make into a bundle. This definition fits
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "morning" in the given sentence is:1) the time period
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The most suitable definition of "blue" in this context is likely not among the provided options, as the sentence does not suggest
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable definition for "Next" in the given sentence is: 2) nearest in space or position; immediately ad
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable definition for "sat up" in the given sentence is: "change to an upright sitting position." This is
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable definition for "bundled" in this context is: 1) make into a bundle. This definition fits
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:1) express in wordsThis is
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The most suitable definition of "blue" in this context is likely not among the provided options, as the sentence does not suggest
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable definition for "sat up" in the given sentence is: "change to an upright sitting position." This is
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiled" in the given sentence is:1) change one'
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:1) express in wordsThis is
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:1) express in wordsThis is
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "great" in this context is: 4) very good. The woman'
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiled" in the given sentence is:1) change one'
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing life
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:1) express in wordsThis is
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agreed" in the given sentence is:1) be in accord; be
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "great" in this context is: 4) very good. The woman'
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "alive" in the given sentence is:1) possessing life
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "plan" in the given sentence is:1) a series of steps to be carried
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agreed" in the given sentence is:1) be in accord; be
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is em
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "plan" in the given sentence is:1) a series of steps to be carried
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in this context is:1) a prearranged meeting for
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is em
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "focus" in the given context is:1) the concentration of attention or energy on
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is:1) writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in this context is:1) a prearranged meeting for
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reductions" in this context is:1) the act of decreasing or
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "focus" in the given context is:1) the concentration of attention or energy on
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "document" in this context is:1) writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "burden" in this context is:1) an onerous or difficult concern
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reductions" in this context is:1) the act of decreasing or
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition of "term" in this context is:2) a limited period of time.
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "burden" in this context is:1) an onerous or difficult concern
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "basis" in this context is:1) a relation that provides the foundation for
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition of "term" in this context is:2) a limited period of time.
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	1) something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "basis" in this context is:1) a relation that provides the foundation for
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "path" in the given sentence is:3) an established line of travel or access
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "advance" in this context is:2) a change for the better; progress
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	1) something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "negotiation" in the given sentence is: "a discussion intended to produce
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "path" in the given sentence is:3) an established line of travel or access
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "advance" in this context is:2) a change for the better; progress
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "leaders" in this context is:1) a person who rules or guides or
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "negotiation" in the given sentence is: "a discussion intended to produce
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	1) the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal tender
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "leaders" in this context is:1) a person who rules or guides or
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this context is:3) a single person or thingIn
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	1) the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal tender
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "term" in the given sentence is:2) a limited period of time
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "range" in the given context is:6) a variety of different things or activities.
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this context is:3) a single person or thingIn
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "options" in this context is:3) one of a number of things from which
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "term" in the given sentence is:2) a limited period of time
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "questions" in this context is:1) an instance of questioningThis
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "range" in the given context is:6) a variety of different things or activities.
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upper limit" in the given context is:1) the largest possible quantity
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "options" in this context is:3) one of a number of things from which
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	1) the degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment (corresponding to its molecular activity)
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "questions" in this context is:1) an instance of questioningThis
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given sentence is:8) an increase in costor
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upper limit" in the given context is:1) the largest possible quantity
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	1) the degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment (corresponding to its molecular activity)
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "flexibility" in the given context is:2) the quality of being adaptable
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given sentence is:8) an increase in costor
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given context is:1) a particular course of action intended to
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:3) the federal government of the United
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "flexibility" in the given context is:2) the quality of being adaptable
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "representative" in this context is:2) an advocate who represents someone else
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given context is:1) a particular course of action intended to
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in this context is:1) writing that provides information (especially information
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:3) the federal government of the United
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "negotiation" in the given context is: "a discussion intended to produce
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "representative" in this context is:2) an advocate who represents someone else
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in this context is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in this context is:1) writing that provides information (especially information
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "negotiation" in the given context is: "a discussion intended to produce
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "official" in the given context is:1) a worker who holds or is
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in this context is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "picture" in this context is:3) a clear and telling mental image
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "outlines" in the given context is: 2) a sketchy summary of the main
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "official" in the given context is:1) a worker who holds or is
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "picture" in this context is:3) a clear and telling mental image
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in the given context is:2) a substance that is emitted
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "outlines" in the given context is: 2) a sketchy summary of the main
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this context is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "period" in the given sentence is:1) an amount of timeThis
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in the given context is:2) a substance that is emitted
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "levels" in this context is:1) a position on a scale of intensity
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is em
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "period" in the given sentence is:1) an amount of timeThis
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is em
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "impact" in the given context is: 2) a forceful consequence; a strong
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "flood" in the given sentence is:1) the rising of a body
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "drought" among the given options is:1) a shortage of rainfall
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "impact" in the given context is: 2) a forceful consequence; a strong
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by some
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for "flood" in the given sentence is:1) the rising of a body
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "drought" among the given options is:1) a shortage of rainfall
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by some
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "envoy" in the given context is:2) someone sent on a mission to represent
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in the given sentence is number 18: the act of shortening something
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is emitted
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "envoy" in the given context is:2) someone sent on a mission to represent
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this context is:2) a single person or thingIn
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in the given sentence is number 18: the act of shortening something
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "move" in this context is:3) a change of position that does not ent
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is emitted
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "ones" in this context is:2) a single person or thingIn
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "Bush administration" in the given sentence is: the executive under President George W. Bush.
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "move" in this context is:3) a change of position that does not ent
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:1) a worker who holds or
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "Bush administration" in the given sentence is: the executive under President George W. Bush.
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is: North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:1) a worker who holds or
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "text" in the given context is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is: North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in the given context is number 19: the act of reducing the amount
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "observers" in this context is:2) an expert who observes and comments
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "text" in the given context is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "comments" in this context is:1) a statement that expresses a personal opinion
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in the given context is number 19: the act of reducing the amount
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "observers" in this context is:2) an expert who observes and comments
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "America" in the given sentence is "North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "comments" in this context is:1) a statement that expresses a personal opinion
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "America" in the given sentence is "North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battle" in this context is:3) an open clash between two
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economies" in the given context is:1) the system of production and
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battle" in this context is:3) an open clash between two
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economies" in the given context is:1) the system of production and
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "obligations" in the given context is:2) the state of being oblig
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "nations" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "obligations" in the given context is:2) the state of being oblig
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "nations" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "imperative" in the given context is:2) some duty that is essential
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "costs" in the given sentence is:3) value measured by what must be
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "imperative" in the given context is:2) some duty that is essential
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given context is:9) an act by a government body or
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "costs" in the given sentence is:3) value measured by what must be
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is:3) an amusement or pastime
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "Central America" in the given context is:2) the nations of Central America
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given context is:9) an act by a government body or
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is:3) an amusement or pastime
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "impact" in the given sentence is: 2) a forceful consequence; a strong
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	1) someone who takes part in an activity
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "Central America" in the given context is:2) the nations of Central America
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:7) the type of treatment received (especially
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:4) an organization that is a member of
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "impact" in the given sentence is: 2) a forceful consequence; a strong
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	1) someone who takes part in an activity
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draft" in the given sentence is:11) any of the various versions
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition of "deal" in this context is:7) the type of treatment received (especially
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposal" in the given sentence is:1) something proposed (such as
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:4) an organization that is a member of
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morning" in the given sentence is:1) the time period between dawn
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draft" in the given sentence is:11) any of the various versions
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposal" in the given sentence is:1) something proposed (such as
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiations" in the given context is:1) a discussion intended
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morning" in the given sentence is:1) the time period between dawn
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "behalf" in the given context is:1) as the agent of or on
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:3) the act of pressing; the
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiations" in the given context is:1) a discussion intended
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given context is:1) a particular course of action intended to
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "behalf" in the given context is:1) as the agent of or on
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition of "action" in this context is:9) an act by a government body or su
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:3) the act of pressing; the
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "process" in the given context is:1) a particular course of action intended to
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "urgency" in the given sentence is:2) pressing importance requiring speedy
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition of "action" in this context is:9) an act by a government body or su
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information about circumstances
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "urgency" in the given sentence is:2) pressing importance requiring speedy
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (us
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information about circumstances
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "officials" in the given context is:1) a worker who holds or
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "minister" in the given context is:2) a person appointed to a high office
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (us
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planes" in the given sentence is:1) an aircraft that has a
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "officials" in the given context is:1) a worker who holds or
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "halls" in this context is:1) an interior passage or corridor onto which
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for "minister" in the given context is:2) a person appointed to a high office
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in this context is:1) a formally arranged gathering
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planes" in the given sentence is:1) an aircraft that has a
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is:3) a demand for something as rightful
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "halls" in this context is:1) an interior passage or corridor onto which
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in this context is:1) a formally arranged gathering
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gathering" in the given context is:1) a group of persons together
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is:3) a demand for something as rightful
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition of "day" in this context is likely:3) a day assigned to a particular purpose
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gathering" in the given context is:1) a group of persons together
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shows" in this context is:1) the act of publicly exhibiting
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition of "day" in this context is likely:3) a day assigned to a particular purpose
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition of "draft" in the given context is:5) any of the various versions in the
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shows" in this context is:1) the act of publicly exhibiting
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the given context is:1) something proposed (such
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "paper" in this context is:4) a medium for written communication. This definition fits
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition of "draft" in the given context is:5) any of the various versions in the
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in this context is:1) a demanding or stimulating situation
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the given context is:1) something proposed (such
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or degree;
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition for "paper" in this context is:4) a medium for written communication. This definition fits
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "ministers" in the given sentence is:2) a person appointed to a high
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in this context is:1) a demanding or stimulating situation
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "policy" in the given context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or degree;
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heavyweights" in the given sentence is:4) a very large person
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "ministers" in the given sentence is:2) a person appointed to a high
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Israel" in the given sentence would be:1) Jewish republic in south
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "policy" in the given context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is definition 1) "a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heavyweights" in the given sentence is:4) a very large person
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the given context is:4) the disadvantage that results from
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Israel" in the given sentence would be:1) Jewish republic in south
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing; of
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is definition 1) "a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is definition 1) "a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the given context is:4) the disadvantage that results from
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in scoring
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing; of
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition of "top" in this context is:5) the highest level or degree attainable;
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is definition 1) "a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in scoring
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable definition of "top" in this context is:5) the highest level or degree attainable;
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "absences" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being absent
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sharing
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which something
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "absences" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being absent
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sidelines" in the given sentence is:3) an auxiliary activity
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sharing
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which something
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "triumph" in the given sentence is:1) a successful ending of a
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sidelines" in the given sentence is:3) an auxiliary activity
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the given sentence is:2) an advantage to the benefit
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "triumph" in the given sentence is:1) a successful ending of a
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baskets" in the given sentence is:3) a horizontal circular metal
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "perimeter" in the given sentence is:3) the line enclosing a
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the given sentence is:2) an advantage to the benefit
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "speculation" in the given sentence is:2) a hypothesis that has been formed
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baskets" in the given sentence is:3) a horizontal circular metal
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorers" in the given sentence is:1) a player who makes
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "perimeter" in the given sentence is:3) the line enclosing a
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "speculation" in the given sentence is:2) a hypothesis that has been formed
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition of "quarter" in the given sentence is:3) (football, professional basketball
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorers" in the given sentence is:1) a player who makes
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition of "quarter" in the given sentence is:3) (football, professional basketball
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "whistles" in the given sentence is:2) the act of signalling
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "return" in the given sentence is:2) a coming to or returning home
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition of "home" in the given sentence is:6) place where something began and flourished
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "whistles" in the given sentence is:2) the act of signalling
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "lead" in the given sentence is:7) (sports) the score by
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "return" in the given sentence is:2) a coming to or returning home
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition of "home" in the given sentence is:6) place where something began and flourished
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in scoring
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition for "lead" in the given sentence is:7) (sports) the score by
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in scoring
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in scoring
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in scoring
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:6) an oppressive condition of
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:6) an oppressive condition of
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "couple" in this context is:3) a small indefinite number
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "plays" in the given context is:13) movement or space for movement
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "help" in the given context is:1) the activity of contributing
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "couple" in this context is:3) a small indefinite number
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the given sentence is:7) (sports) the
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "plays" in the given context is:13) movement or space for movement
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "help" in the given context is:1) the activity of contributing
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "end" in this context is:3) the concluding parts of an event or
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the given sentence is:7) (sports) the
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable definition of "quarter" in the given sentence is:3) (football, professional basketball
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "end" in this context is:3) the concluding parts of an event or
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable definition of "quarter" in the given sentence is:3) (football, professional basketball
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "line" in the given sentence is:20) in games or sports; a
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "line" in the given sentence is:20) in games or sports; a
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition of "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "season" in the given sentence is:1) a period of the
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Wall Street" in the given sentence is: "a street in lower Manhattan where the New
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "dollar" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition of "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition of "heading" in this context is not among the provided options. The correct definition for "heading"
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "season" in the given sentence is:1) a period of the
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Wall Street" in the given sentence is: "a street in lower Manhattan where the New
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in the aggregate.
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "dollar" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "indicators" in the given context is:1) a number or ratio (
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition of "heading" in this context is not among the provided options. The correct definition for "heading"
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" among the given options is:1
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in the aggregate.
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "dollar" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary unit in
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "indicators" in the given context is:1) a number or ratio (
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "figures" in the given sentence is:7) an amount of money expressed numer
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" among the given options is:1
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "predominance" in the given context is:1) the state of being predomin
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "dollar" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary unit in
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "figures" in the given sentence is:7) an amount of money expressed numer
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "volumes" in the given sentence is:5) a relative amountThis
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "predominance" in the given context is:1) the state of being predomin
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which something
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "volumes" in the given sentence is:5) a relative amountThis
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trend" in the given context is:1) a general direction in which
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which something
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publication" in this context is:3) the communication of something to the
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicators" in this context is:1) a number or ratio (
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trend" in the given context is:1) a general direction in which
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "market" in the given context is:4) the securities markets in the aggregate
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publication" in this context is:3) the communication of something to the
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relation" in the given context is:1) an abstraction belonging to
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicators" in this context is:1) a number or ratio (
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "recovery" in the given context is:3) the act of regaining or
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "market" in the given context is:4) the securities markets in the aggregate
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in this context is option 2) "an expert who studies financial data
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relation" in the given context is:1) an abstraction belonging to
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "recovery" in the given context is:3) the act of regaining or
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "month" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in this context is option 2) "an expert who studies financial data
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition of "row" in the given context is:6) a continuous chronological succession without
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "confidence" in this context is:3) a state of confident hopefulness that
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "month" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "month" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	1) an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition of "row" in the given context is:6) a continuous chronological succession without
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "index" in the given sentence is:1) a numerical scale used to compare variables
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "confidence" in this context is:3) a state of confident hopefulness that
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "indices" in the given context is:1) a numerical scale used to compare variables
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "month" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	1) an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given context is:4) a movement upwardThis definition
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "index" in the given sentence is:1) a numerical scale used to compare variables
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "dollar" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary unit in
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "indices" in the given context is:1) a numerical scale used to compare variables
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "high" in the given context is:1) a lofty level or position or
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given context is:4) a movement upwardThis definition
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:6) an oppressive condition of
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "dollar" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary unit in
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in the given context is:2) a social group that forms part
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "high" in the given context is:1) a lofty level or position or
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given context is:1) the general state of
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:6) an oppressive condition of
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in the given context is:2) a social group that forms part
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the given sentence is:4) a relation that provides the foundation for something
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given context is:1) the general state of
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "Treasury" in the given context is:3) negotiable debt obligations
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "bond" in the given context is:2) a certificate of debt
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the given sentence is:4) a relation that provides the foundation for something
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "yields" in this context is:4) the quantity of something (as
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "Treasury" in the given context is:3) negotiable debt obligations
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the given context is:1) the latter part of the day
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "bond" in the given context is:2) a certificate of debt
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "bond" in the given context is:2) a certificate of debt
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "yields" in this context is:4) the quantity of something (as
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "yields" in this context is:4) the quantity of something (as
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the given context is:1) the latter part of the day
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the given context is:1) the latter part of the day
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "bond" in the given context is:2) a certificate of debt
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "yields" in this context is:4) the quantity of something (as
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in this context is:4) something or someone that causes anxiety
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	1) an act of aggression (as one against a person who resists
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for "evening" in the given context is:1) the latter part of the day
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "instability" in the given context is:3) a lack of balance or state
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is the
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "concerns" in this context is:4) something or someone that causes anxiety
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	1) an act of aggression (as one against a person who resists
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "auctions" in the given sentence is:3) the public sale of something to
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "instability" in the given context is:3) a lack of balance or state
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "deals" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is the
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "auctions" in the given sentence is:3) the public sale of something to
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "Russia" in the given sentence is:4) a federation in northe
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "deals" in this context is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "oil" in the given sentence is:3) a dark oil consisting
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	1) a communist nation that covers a vast territory in eastern Asia; the most populous country in the world
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "Russia" in the given sentence is:4) a federation in northe
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The most suitable definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:2) the cardinal number that is
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	1) the waging of armed conflict against an enemy
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "oil" in the given sentence is:3) a dark oil consisting
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable definition of "sanctions" in the given context is:4) the act of final authorization
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The most suitable definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:2) the cardinal number that is
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	1) the waging of armed conflict against an enemy
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "stakes" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right or
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable definition of "sanctions" in the given context is:4) the act of final authorization
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "stakes" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right or
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "auction" in the given sentence is:3) the public sale of
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bid" in the given sentence is:3) a formal proposal to
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "auction" in the given sentence is:3) the public sale of
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bid" in the given sentence is:3) a formal proposal to
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "representation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of representing; standing
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "oil" in the given sentence is:3) a dark oil consisting
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "giants" in the given sentence is:3) an unusually large enterprise
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:1) someone who is skilled at
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "representation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of representing; standing
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in the given sentence is:3) anything providing a means of access (
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "oil" in the given sentence is:3) a dark oil consisting
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "giants" in the given sentence is:3) an unusually large enterprise
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "war" in this context is:1) the waging of armed conflict
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:1) someone who is skilled at
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable definition of "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in the given sentence is:3) anything providing a means of access (
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "editor" in the given context is:1) a person responsible for the editorial aspects
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "war" in this context is:1) the waging of armed conflict
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition for "news" in this context is:1) information about recent and important events
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable definition of "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable definition of "outlet" in the given sentence is:4) an opening that permits escape
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "companies" in this context is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "Concerns" in the given sentence is:1) something that interests you
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "editor" in the given context is:1) a person responsible for the editorial aspects
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "security" in the given context is:9) measures taken as a precaut
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition for "news" in this context is:1) information about recent and important events
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bombings" in the given sentence is: 1) an attack by dropping bombs
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable definition of "outlet" in the given sentence is:4) an opening that permits escape
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "instability" in the given context is:3) a lack of balance or state
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "Concerns" in the given sentence is:1) something that interests you
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "security" in the given context is:9) measures taken as a precaut
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bombings" in the given sentence is: 1) an attack by dropping bombs
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:1) someone who is skilled at
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "instability" in the given context is:3) a lack of balance or state
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:1) someone who is skilled at
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:3)
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "energy" in the given context is:6) any source of us
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "deals" in the given context is:2) an agreement between parties (us
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:3)
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministry" in the given context is:3) a government department under the
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "energy" in the given context is:6) any source of us
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable definition of "ties" in the given context is:2) a social or business relationship
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "deals" in the given context is:2) an agreement between parties (us
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time occupying
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministry" in the given context is:3) a government department under the
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between two or
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable definition of "ties" in the given context is:2) a social or business relationship
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "bid" in the given context is:1) propose a payment
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time occupying
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between two or
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between two or
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "stakes" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right or
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "bid" in the given context is:1) propose a payment
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between two or
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between two or
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "stakes" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right or
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between two or
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "power" in the given sentence is:5) one possessing or
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "par" in the given sentence is: a state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally balanced
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "commitments" in the given sentence is:3) an engagement by contract involving financial
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "power" in the given sentence is:5) one possessing or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "bids" in the given context is:3) a formal proposal to buy at
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "par" in the given sentence is: a state of being essentially equal or equivalent; equally balanced
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "offers" in this context is: 2) something offered (as a proposal or bid
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "commitments" in the given sentence is:3) an engagement by contract involving financial
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "barrel" in this context is: 2) a cylindrical container that holds liqu
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "fee" in the given context is:1) a fixed charge for a privilege or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "bids" in the given context is:3) a formal proposal to buy at
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "ministry" in the given context is:3) a government department under the direction of
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "offers" in this context is: 2) something offered (as a proposal or bid
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "output" in the given context is:4) the quantity of something (as a
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "barrel" in this context is: 2) a cylindrical container that holds liqu
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "levels" in the given context is:3) a specific identifiable position in
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "fee" in the given context is:1) a fixed charge for a privilege or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "ministry" in the given context is:3) a government department under the direction of
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "field" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable definition for "output" in the given context is:4) the quantity of something (as a
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "levels" in the given context is:3) a specific identifiable position in
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "field" in the given sentence is:14) a geographic region (land
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "shackles" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint that conf
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given context is:1) the activity of providing for or
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "protection" in the given context is:3) defense against financial failure; financial
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "shackles" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint that conf
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fund" in this context is:1) a reserve of money set
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given context is:1) the activity of providing for or
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "amount" in the given context is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "protection" in the given context is:3) defense against financial failure; financial
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	1) someone who broadcasts on radio or television
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fund" in this context is:1) a reserve of money set
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "amount" in the given context is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given context is:1) the activity of providing for or maintaining
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "institutions" in the given sentence is:1) an organization founded and united
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	1) someone who broadcasts on radio or television
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "restrictions" in the given context is:2) an act of limiting or
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "acceptance" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being acceptable and
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given context is:1) the activity of providing for or maintaining
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium of
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "institutions" in the given sentence is:1) an organization founded and united
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "limits" in the given sentence is:4) the boundary of a specific area
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "restrictions" in the given context is:2) an act of limiting or
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "manager" in the given sentence is:1) someone who controls resources and expendit
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "acceptance" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being acceptable and
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "bonuses" in the given sentence is:3) an additional payment (or other
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium of
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "charges" in the given sentence is:8) financial liabilities (such as
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "limits" in the given sentence is:4) the boundary of a specific area
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loans" in the given sentence is:1) the temporary provision of money
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "manager" in the given sentence is:1) someone who controls resources and expendit
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the given sentence is:1) something left after other parts have
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "bonuses" in the given sentence is:3) an additional payment (or other
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "amount" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "charges" in the given sentence is:8) financial liabilities (such as
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "sale" in the given sentence is:1) a particular instance of
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loans" in the given sentence is:1) the temporary provision of money
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the given sentence is:1) something left after other parts have
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "amount" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "height" in the given sentence is:2) the highest level or degree attain
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "sale" in the given sentence is:1) a particular instance of
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given sentence is: "an unstable situation of
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "investment" in the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "height" in the given sentence is:2) the highest level or degree attain
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cash" in the given sentence is:1) money in the form of
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given sentence is: "an unstable situation of
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "liabilities" in the given sentence is:2) an obligation to pay money to
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "investment" in the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cash" in the given sentence is:1) money in the form of
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "liabilities" in the given sentence is:2) an obligation to pay money to
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "capital" in the given context is:1) assets available for use in the
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "increase" in the given context is:4) the amount
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "circles" in the given context is:2) an unofficial association of
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of providing for or maintaining
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "capital" in the given context is:1) assets available for use in the
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Appeal" in the given sentence "Cheshire Appeal Will Point to Twitter" is:
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "increase" in the given context is:4) the amount
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "rows" in the given sentence is:1) an arrangement of objects or people side
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "circles" in the given context is:2) an unofficial association of
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of the news
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of providing for or maintaining
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "testimony" in the given sentence is:3) an assertion offering first
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Appeal" in the given sentence "Cheshire Appeal Will Point to Twitter" is:
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "In the end" in the given context is:1) after a very lengthy
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "rows" in the given sentence is:1) an arrangement of objects or people side
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable definition of "defense" in this context is:4) the justification for some act or
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of the news
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "messages" in this context is:1) a communication (usually brief) that
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "testimony" in the given sentence is:3) an assertion offering first
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "In the end" in the given context is:1) after a very lengthy
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rape" among the given options is:3)
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable definition of "defense" in this context is:4) the justification for some act or
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context would be definition 1) "a young person of either sex."
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "messages" in this context is:1) a communication (usually brief) that
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable definition of "beds" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of furniture that provides
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable definition of "house" in this context is:1) a dwelling that serves as living quarters
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rape" among the given options is:3)
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in this context would be definition 1) "a young person of either sex."
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable definition of "beds" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of furniture that provides
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "family" in the given sentence is:1) a social unit living together
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable definition of "house" in this context is:1) a dwelling that serves as living quarters
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "imposition" in the given context is:2) an uncalled-for burden
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "family" in the given sentence is:1) a social unit living together
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence presented in a court of law
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "filings" in the given context is:1) the entering of a legal document
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "imposition" in the given context is:2) an uncalled-for burden
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in the given context is:3) (law) a legal proceed
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence presented in a court of law
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given context is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "courts" in the given sentence is:8) a trib
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "filings" in the given context is:1) the entering of a legal document
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in the given context is:3) (law) a legal proceed
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable definition of "trial" in this context is: (4) (law) the determination of a person
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given context is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is definition 1) the act of using. This is because the
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "courts" in the given sentence is:8) a trib
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "circus" in the given context is:3) a frenetic disorgan
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "atmosphere" in the given sentence is:1) a particular environment or
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable definition of "trial" in this context is: (4) (law) the determination of a person
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "details" in the given sentence is:1) an isolated fact that is considered separately
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is definition 1) the act of using. This is because the
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable definition of "jury" in this context is:1) a body of citizens sworn to
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "circus" in the given context is:3) a frenetic disorgan
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "passions" in the given context is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "atmosphere" in the given sentence is:1) a particular environment or
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is true
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "details" in the given sentence is:1) an isolated fact that is considered separately
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a legal proceed
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable definition of "jury" in this context is:1) a body of citizens sworn to
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "passions" in the given context is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "question" in the given context is:2) the subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is true
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given context is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or action
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a legal proceed
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "danger" in the given context is:1) the condition of being suscept
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "question" in the given context is:2) the subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inclusion" in the given context is:1) the state of being included
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given context is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or action
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is:1) a human beingThis
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rights" in the given context is:7) anything in accord with principles
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "danger" in the given context is:1) the condition of being suscept
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given context is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inclusion" in the given context is:1) the state of being included
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is:1) a human beingThis
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is:3) (law) all the means by
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rights" in the given context is:7) anything in accord with principles
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in this context is: a body of citizens sworn to give a true
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given context is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable definition of "passion" in the given context is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "last word" in the given sentence is:1) the final statement in a ver
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is:3) (law) all the means by
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in this context is: a body of citizens sworn to give a true
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 10
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable definition of "passion" in the given context is:1) a strong feeling or emotion
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is: 3) the news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "last word" in the given sentence is:1) the final statement in a ver
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the given context is:4) uncertainty about the truth or
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 10
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "trial" in the given context is:4) (law) the
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is: 3) the news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fairness" in the given context is:2) ability to make judg
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in the given context is: (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the given context is:4) uncertainty about the truth or
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "Cleveland" in the given context is:1) the largest city in Ohio;
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "trial" in the given context is:4) (law) the
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "decision" in this context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fairness" in the given context is:2) ability to make judg
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for "carnival" in the context of the sentence is:2) a fren
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in the given context is: (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "atmosphere" in the given context is:1) a particular environment or
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "Cleveland" in the given context is:1) the largest city in Ohio;
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "decision" in this context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crime" in the given sentence is: (1) (criminal law
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for "carnival" in the context of the sentence is:2) a fren
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inspiration" in the given sentence is:1) arousal of
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "atmosphere" in the given context is:1) a particular environment or
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in the given sentence is: (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of a
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crime" in the given sentence is: (1) (criminal law
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "century" in the given sentence is: 1) a period of 100 years
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inspiration" in the given sentence is:1) arousal of
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "argument" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in the given sentence is: (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or action.
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of a
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for "century" in the given sentence is: 1) a period of 100 years
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "argument" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceed
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or action.
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in the given context is:5) a justification for something existing or
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "concern" in this context is:4) something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given context is: 2) a forceful consequence; a
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceed
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "reason" in the given context is:5) a justification for something existing or
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	1) a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "concern" in this context is:4) something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given context is: 2) a forceful consequence; a
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a legal proceed
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judges" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	1) a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "communication" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of communicating
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a legal proceed
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judges" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition;
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "communication" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of communicating
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for the usage of "execution" in the given sentence is:6) the act of
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "reactions" in the given context is:5) a response that reveals a person
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "victims" in this context is:1) an unfortunate person who suff
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for the usage of "execution" in the given sentence is:6) the act of
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:3) the act of pressing; the
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "reactions" in the given context is:5) a response that reveals a person
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable definition of "decision" in this context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "victims" in this context is:1) an unfortunate person who suff
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence presented in a court of law
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before a court of justice
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:3) the act of pressing; the
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable definition of "decision" in this context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence presented in a court of law
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "interest" in the given sentence is:3) the power of attracting or holding
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in the given context is:3) questioning a statement and demanding
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "month" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "interest" in the given sentence is:3) the power of attracting or holding
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important events
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in the given context is:3) questioning a statement and demanding
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	1) a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "month" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "election" in the given context is:1) a vote to select the
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable definition of "campaign" in this context is:3) several related operations aimed at achieving a
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important events
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	1) a New England state; one of the original 13 colonies
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "election" in the given context is:1) a vote to select the
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courthouse" in the given sentence is:2) a building that
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable definition of "campaign" in this context is:3) several related operations aimed at achieving a
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "focus" in the given sentence is:1) the concentration of attention
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is: 1) a politician who is running for
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning of a person (
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courthouse" in the given sentence is:2) a building that
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	1) a writer for newspapers and magazines
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "focus" in the given sentence is:1) the concentration of attention
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is true
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning of a person (
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of the news
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	1) a writer for newspapers and magazines
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "view" in the given sentence is:1) a way of regarding situations or topics
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "claim" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is true
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable definition of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of the news
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable definition of "coverage" in this context is:3) the news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "view" in the given sentence is:1) a way of regarding situations or topics
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "trials" in the given context is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable definition of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is:1) a plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:2) a relational difference between states
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable definition of "coverage" in this context is:3) the news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "adaptation" in the given context is:2) the process of adap
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "trials" in the given context is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "claim" in the given sentence is:1) an assertion of a
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:2) a relational difference between states
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filing" in the given context is:1) the entering of a legal
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable definition for "adaptation" in the given context is:2) the process of adap
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Supreme Court" in the given context is:1) the highest federal court
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable definition of "decision" in this context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "claim" in the given sentence is:1) an assertion of a
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in this context is: (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty in
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filing" in the given context is:1) the entering of a legal
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Supreme Court" in the given context is:1) the highest federal court
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable definition of "decision" in this context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or action.
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in this context is: (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty in
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "century" in this context is: 1) a period of 100 years.
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the context of the sentence "Sport and fraud law" would
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or action.
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence "Sport and fraud law" is:1
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Tricks" in the given sentence is:1) a cunning or dece
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "century" in this context is: 1) a period of 100 years.
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "will" in the given context is:2) a fixed and persistent intent or
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the context of the sentence "Sport and fraud law" would
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsion" in the given context is:1) the act of forcing out
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence "Sport and fraud law" is:1
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Tricks" in the given sentence is:1) a cunning or dece
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "will" in the given context is:2) a fixed and persistent intent or
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ink" in this context is:1) a liquid used for printing or writing
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsion" in the given context is:1) the act of forcing out
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ink" in this context is:1) a liquid used for printing or writing
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "end" in this context is:2) the point in time at
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "end" in this context is:2) the point in time at
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefin
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the given sentence is:1) (sports) the
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:3) a line leading to a place or
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefin
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the given sentence is:1) (sports) the
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:3) a line leading to a place or
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "trainer" in the given context is:1) one who trains other persons or
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "amounts" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "trainer" in the given context is:1) one who trains other persons or
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provocation" in the given sentence is:2) something that incites or
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:1) a condition that accompan
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "amounts" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "practice" in the given sentence is:1) a custom
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provocation" in the given sentence is:2) something that incites or
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "football" in the given sentence is:1) any of various
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:1) a condition that accompan
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:8) directions that define the way a game or
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "practice" in the given sentence is:1) a custom
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "Part" in the given sentence is:4) that which concerns a person with regard
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable definition of "debate" in this context is: a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "football" in the given sentence is:1) any of various
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:8) directions that define the way a game or
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this context is definition 1) "a piece of information about circumstances that exist
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "Part" in the given sentence is:4) that which concerns a person with regard
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context is definition 1) "a cooperative unit (especially
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable definition of "debate" in this context is: a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and against
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "organization" in the given context is:3) the persons (or committe
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable definition of "nobility" in the given context is:2) the quality of elevation of
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "fact" in this context is definition 1) "a piece of information about circumstances that exist
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable definition of "honor" in this context is:3) the quality of being honorable and
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context is definition 1) "a cooperative unit (especially
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "organization" in the given context is:3) the persons (or committe
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable definition of "acts" in the given sentence is: 2) something that people do or cause to happen
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable definition of "nobility" in the given context is:2) the quality of elevation of
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable definition of "history" in this context is:2) a record or narrative description of past events
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable definition of "honor" in this context is:3) the quality of being honorable and
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "debate" in the given sentence is:1) a discussion in
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable definition of "acts" in the given sentence is: 2) something that people do or cause to happen
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable definition of "history" in this context is:2) a record or narrative description of past events
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic generalization
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "debate" in the given sentence is:1) a discussion in
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "fraud" in the given context is:1) intentional deception resulting
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic generalization
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "regulation" in the given context is:1) an authoritative rule
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "matter" in the given sentence is:1) a vaguely specified concern
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "fraud" in the given context is:1) intentional deception resulting
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "regulation" in the given context is:1) an authoritative rule
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is:2) the general atmosphere of a place
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "matter" in the given sentence is:1) a vaguely specified concern
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of having a
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is:2) the general atmosphere of a place
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable definition of "integrity" in this context is:2) moral soundnessIn the
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is:2) the general atmosphere of a place
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of having a
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable definition of "aspect" in the given sentence is:2) a characteristic to be considered.
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is:2) the general atmosphere of a place
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable definition of "integrity" in this context is:2) moral soundnessIn the
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "danger" in the given sentence is:1) the condition of
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in the given sentence is:1) benefit resulting from some event
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable definition of "aspect" in the given sentence is:2) a characteristic to be considered.
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "danger" in the given sentence is:1) the condition of
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "takes advantage" in the given sentence is: 1) draw advantages from. This definition
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "advantages" in the given sentence is:1) benefit resulting from some event
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this context is "an event" (definition 5). This is because the
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "takes advantage" in the given sentence is: 1) draw advantages from. This definition
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:8) directions that define the way a game or
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this context is "an event" (definition 5). This is because the
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the given context is:1) (sports) the
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complaints" in the given sentence is:3) an expression of g
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:8) directions that define the way a game or
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "question" in the given sentence is:1) an instance of questioning
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the given context is:1) (sports) the
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complaints" in the given sentence is:3) an expression of g
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "question" in the given sentence is:1) an instance of questioning
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given sentence is:1) the general state of
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "benefit" in the given context is:2) something that aids or
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given sentence is:1) the general state of
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "benefit" in the given context is:2) something that aids or
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports). This
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "strategy" in the given sentence is: an elaborate and systematic plan of action
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports). This
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "strategy" in the given sentence is: an elaborate and systematic plan of action
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information about circumstances
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Championship" in the given sentence is:2) a competition at which a
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information about circumstances
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in this context is: 1) the act of sharing in the
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the given sentence is:2) a limited period of time.
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Championship" in the given sentence is:2) a competition at which a
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advantage" in the given context is:1) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in this context is: 1) the act of sharing in the
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the given sentence is:2) a limited period of time.
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "change" in the given context is:1) an event that occurs when something passes
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advantage" in the given context is:1) the quality of
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "change" in the given context is:1) an event that occurs when something passes
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cycle" in the given context is:1) an interval during which
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suspension" in the given context is:3) temporary cess
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accumulation" in the given context is:4) (finance)
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cycle" in the given context is:1) an interval during which
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cycle" in the given context is:1) an interval during which
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is:2) an interval during which a recur
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suspension" in the given context is:3) temporary cess
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of having a superior
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accumulation" in the given context is:4) (finance)
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cycle" in the given context is:1) an interval during which
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the given context is:2) the general atmosphere of a
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is:2) an interval during which a recur
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:4) that which concerns a person with regard
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of having a superior
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decisions" in the given context is:1) the act of making up
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given context is:8) directions that define the way a game
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the given context is:2) the general atmosphere of a
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given sentence is:1) a statement that is
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:4) that which concerns a person with regard
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context would be:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decisions" in the given context is:1) the act of making up
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "application" in the given sentence is:1) the act of bringing something to
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given context is:8) directions that define the way a game
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given sentence is:1) a statement that is
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the given sentence is:1) the act of making up
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context would be:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable definition of "law" in this context is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "application" in the given sentence is:1) the act of bringing something to
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "fraud" in the given context would be:1) intentional deception
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "occasion" in the given sentence is:1) an event that occurs at a
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the given sentence is:1) the act of making up
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "case" in this context is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable definition of "law" in this context is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes caus
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "fraud" in the given context would be:1) intentional deception
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsions" in the given sentence is:1) the act of forcing
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "occasion" in the given sentence is:1) an event that occurs at a
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "case" in this context is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "transmission" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sending a message
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes caus
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsions" in the given sentence is:1) the act of forcing
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic generalization that
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "transmission" in the given sentence is:1) the act of sending a message
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "possibility" in this context is:3) a tentative insight into the natural
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "types" in the given context is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic generalization that
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "possibility" in this context is:3) a tentative insight into the natural
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nutrients" in the given sentence is: "any substance that can be metabol
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "types" in the given context is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scope" in the given sentence is:1) an area in which
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "forms" in the given context is:12) a distinct state of matter in
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nutrients" in the given sentence is: "any substance that can be metabol
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scope" in the given sentence is:1) an area in which
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "possibilities" in the given sentence is:1) a future prospect or potential
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "forms" in the given context is:12) a distinct state of matter in
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organism" in the given sentence is: "a living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capability" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being capable
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "possibilities" in the given sentence is:1) a future prospect or potential
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organism" in the given sentence is: "a living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given context is:2) a category of things distinguished by some
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capability" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being capable
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "edition" in the given context is:1) the form in which a text
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given context is:2) a category of things distinguished by some
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "journal" in the given context is:2) a periodical dedicated to a particular
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11)
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "edition" in the given context is:1) the form in which a text
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carbon" among the given options is:1) an abundant nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "journal" in the given context is:2) a periodical dedicated to a particular
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" among the given options is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11)
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carbon" among the given options is:1) an abundant nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" among the given options is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "search" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of looking
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "search" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of looking
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "details" in the given context is:3) an extended treatment of particulars
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "find" in this context is:2) the act of discovering something.
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "speculation" in the given context is:2) a hypothesis that has been formed
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "details" in the given context is:3) an extended treatment of particulars
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "find" in this context is:2) the act of discovering something.
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "speculation" in the given context is:2) a hypothesis that has been formed
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "environments" in the given context is:1) the totality of surrounding
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) a living thing that has (
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given context is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "set" in the given context is:1) a group of things of the same
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "environments" in the given context is:1) the totality of surrounding
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) a living thing that has (
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given context is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given context is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable definition of "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "set" in the given context is:1) a group of things of the same
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable definition of "Space" in the given context is:4) any location outside the Earth's
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sciences" in the given context would be:1) a particular branch
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given context is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence "Cockell was not part of the research team"
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable definition of "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in the given sentence would be:2) two or more individuals
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable definition of "Space" in the given context is:4) any location outside the Earth's
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given context is:1) activity directed toward making or doing
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sciences" in the given context would be:1) a particular branch
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substitution" in the given context is:1) an event in which
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence "Cockell was not part of the research team"
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "element" in the given context is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in the given sentence would be:2) two or more individuals
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "structure" in the given context is:2) the manner of construction of something and
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given context is:1) activity directed toward making or doing
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery" is
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substitution" in the given context is:1) an event in which
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "element" in the given context is:3) any of the more than 1
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is: "a very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "structure" in the given context is:2) the manner of construction of something and
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery" is
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" among the given options is: "a very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is: "a very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) a white powdered
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:2) the action or reaction of
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" among the given options is: "a very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) a white powdered
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) a living thing that has (
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:2) the action or reaction of
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "hard time" in the given sentence is:1) a difficulty that can be overcome
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given sentence would be:3) any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) a living thing that has (
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "hard time" in the given sentence is:1) a difficulty that can be overcome
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "concentrations" in the given sentence is:1) the strength of a
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "elements" in the given sentence would be:3) any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable definition of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is definition 1: a multivalent nonmetall
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "concentrations" in the given sentence is:1) the strength of a
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "possibility" in this context is:3) a tentative insight into the natural world
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable definition of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is definition 1: a multivalent nonmetall
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable definition of "Earth" among the given options is:1) the 3rd planet from
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable definition of "planet" in this context is:1) (astronomy) any of the
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "possibility" in this context is:3) a tentative insight into the natural world
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable definition of "moon" in the given context is:1) the natural satellite of the Earth
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable definition of "Earth" among the given options is:1) the 3rd planet from
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given context is:1) the content of cognition;
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable definition of "planet" in this context is:1) (astronomy) any of the
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable definition of "moon" in the given context is:1) the natural satellite of the Earth
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "example" in the given sentence is:5) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given context is:1) the content of cognition;
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given sentence is:1) a more or less definite
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable definition for "example" in the given sentence is:5) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "ways" in this context is:1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metall
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given sentence is:1) a more or less definite
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable definition of "Earth" in this context is:1) the 3rd planet from the
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "ways" in this context is:1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "part" in this context is:9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context would be:2) two or more individuals who
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "life" in this context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "routine" in the given sentence "The democratic routine" is:1) an
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable definition of "Earth" in this context is:1) the 3rd planet from the
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "Support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "part" in this context is:9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backing" in the given sentence is:1) the act of providing approval
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context would be:2) two or more individuals who
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	1) (criminal law) an act punishable by law; usually considered an evil act
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "routine" in the given sentence "The democratic routine" is:1) an
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "worry" in the given sentence is: "a strong feeling of anxiety."
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "Support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backing" in the given sentence is:1) the act of providing approval
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	1) (criminal law) an act punishable by law; usually considered an evil act
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	1) the act of determining the properties of something, usually by research or calculation
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "worry" in the given sentence is: "a strong feeling of anxiety."
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	1) the act of determining the properties of something, usually by research or calculation
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:2) a relational difference between states;
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attitude" in the given sentence is:1) a complex mental state involving
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition fits
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:2) a relational difference between states;
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attitude" in the given sentence is:1) a complex mental state involving
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:8) an entity that is not named specifically
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mood" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic (habit
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "results" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition fits
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stability" in the given sentence is "a stable order (especially of society)".
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attitudes" in the given sentence is:1) a complex mental state involving
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mood" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic (habit
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institutions" in the given sentence is:3) a custom that for
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "Support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stability" in the given sentence is "a stable order (especially of society)".
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:5) a particular geographical region of
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attitudes" in the given sentence is:1) a complex mental state involving
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "South America" in the given sentence is:2) the nations of the South
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institutions" in the given sentence is:3) a custom that for
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:1) a set of data
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "Support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:5) a particular geographical region of
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given context is:3) aiding the cause or policy or
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "South America" in the given sentence is:2) the nations of the South
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "low" in the given sentence is: 3) a low level or position or degree.
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:1) a set of data
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given context is:3) aiding the cause or policy or
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drop" in the given sentence is:3) a sudden sharp decrease in some
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "low" in the given sentence is: 3) a low level or position or degree.
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "output" in the given sentence is:4) the quantity of something (as a
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "half" in this context is: one of two equal parts of a divisible whole (Definition
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drop" in the given sentence is:3) a sudden sharp decrease in some
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "output" in the given sentence is:4) the quantity of something (as a
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable definition of "Brazil" in this context is:1) the largest Latin American country and
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "half" in this context is: one of two equal parts of a divisible whole (Definition
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "democrats" in this context would be:2) an advocate of democratic principles
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location of
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable definition of "Brazil" in this context is:1) the largest Latin American country and
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "democrats" in this context would be:2) an advocate of democratic principles
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location of
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "democracy" in the given sentence is:2) a political system in which
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "figure" in this context is number 9: "the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is definition 1: "a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is:4) the amount by which something increases
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "democracy" in the given sentence is:2) a political system in which
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "figure" in this context is number 9: "the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "confidence" in this context is:2) a feeling of trust (in someone
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is definition 1: "a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is:4) the amount by which something increases
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "Congress" in this context is:1) the legislature of the United
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in this context is:1) the organization that is the governing
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "confidence" in this context is:2) a feeling of trust (in someone
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this context is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "Congress" in this context is:1) the legislature of the United
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in this context is:1) the organization that is the governing
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woes" in the given sentence is: "misery resulting from affliction
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "support" in the given sentence is:3) aiding the cause or
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in this context is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "recession" in the given sentence is:1) the state of the economy
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woes" in the given sentence is: "misery resulting from affliction
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "recovery" in the given sentence is:3) the act of regaining or
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "support" in the given sentence is:3) aiding the cause or
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "safety net" in the given context is:2) a large strong net
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days.
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "recession" in the given sentence is:1) the state of the economy
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in the given context is:4) the relation between things (
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "recovery" in the given sentence is:3) the act of regaining or
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "safety net" in the given context is:2) a large strong net
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mood" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic (
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days.
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in the given context is:4) the relation between things (
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "chart" in the given sentence is:1) a visual display of
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mood" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic (
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:3) the chief executive of a republic
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "sense" in this context is:1) a general conscious awarenessThis
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "chart" in the given sentence is:1) a visual display of
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progress" in the given sentence is:1) gradual improvement or growth or
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable definition of "recession" in the given sentence is:1) the state of the economy
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:3) the chief executive of a republic
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "crime" in the given sentence is:2) an evil act not
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "sense" in this context is:1) a general conscious awarenessThis
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for some
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progress" in the given sentence is:1) gradual improvement or growth or
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polls" in this context is:1) an inquiry into public opinion
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable definition of "recession" in the given sentence is:1) the state of the economy
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "crime" in the given sentence is:2) an evil act not
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "whole" in this context is:1) all of something including all its component
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for some
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "crime" in the given context is: (1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polls" in this context is:1) an inquiry into public opinion
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved (definition
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "whole" in this context is:1) all of something including all its component
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "crime" in the given context is: (1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "relative" in this context is: 1) a person related by blood or marriage. This
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved (definition
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	1) an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "crime" in this context would be:1) (criminal law
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "relative" in this context is: 1) a person related by blood or marriage. This
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	1) an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse circumstance
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "figure" in this context is:9) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "crime" in this context would be:1) (criminal law
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable definition of "support" in this context is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given context is:3) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable definition of "development" in the given context is:2) a process in which something passes
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "figure" in this context is:9) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information.
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable definition of "support" in this context is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the given context is:2) a group of independent but inter
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given context is:3) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable definition of "development" in the given context is:2) a process in which something passes
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of information.
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the given context is:2) a group of independent but inter
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "view" in the given context is:1) a way of regarding situations or
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:3) the chief executive of a republic
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 3
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given context is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "view" in the given context is:1) a way of regarding situations or
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:3) the chief executive of a republic
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leadership" in this context is:4) the ability to lead
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in this context is:3) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given context is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is definition 1: a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leadership" in this context is:4) the ability to lead
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is definition 1: a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in this context is:3) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is definition 1: a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is definition 1: a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is definition 1: a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "year" in this context is definition 1: a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable definition of "distinction" in this context is:3) a distinguishing qualityThis
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who responds
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceed
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable definition of "distinction" in this context is:3) a distinguishing qualityThis
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "day" in this context is:2) some point or period in time.
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Supreme Court" in the given context is:1) the highest federal court
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "question" in this context is:2) the subject matter at issueThis
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceed
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "day" in this context is:2) some point or period in time.
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Supreme Court" in the given context is:1) the highest federal court
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this context is: "a party of people assembled to have dinner together."
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "question" in this context is:2) the subject matter at issueThis
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable definition of "case" in this context is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "law" in this context is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this context is: "a party of people assembled to have dinner together."
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "petitions" in the given sentence is:1) a formal message requesting
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable definition of "case" in this context is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "review" in the given sentence is option 8) (law) a judicial reex
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceed
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "petitions" in the given sentence is:1) a formal message requesting
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "review" in the given sentence is option 8) (law) a judicial reex
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overhaul" in the given context is:3) the act of improving
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceed
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Congress" in the given sentence is:1) the legislature of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given sentence is:4) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in this context is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overhaul" in the given context is:3) the act of improving
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rallying cry" in the given context is:1) a slogan
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Congress" in the given sentence is:1) the legislature of
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable definition of "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in this context is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rallying cry" in the given context is:1) a slogan
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "argument" in the given sentence is:2) a contentious speech act; a
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "March" in the given sentence is:1) the month following February and preced
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable definition of "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "race" in this context is:3) people who are believed to belong to
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "hour" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "swing" in the given context is:4) changing location by moving back and forth
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "argument" in the given sentence is:2) a contentious speech act; a
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "March" in the given sentence is:1) the month following February and preced
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:1) an assembly (including
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "race" in this context is:3) people who are believed to belong to
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion or judgment
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "swing" in the given context is:4) changing location by moving back and forth
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:1) an assembly (including one or
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:1) an assembly (including
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	1) the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion or judgment
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dinner" in the given sentence is: "the main meal of the day
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:1) an assembly (including one or
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sponsor" in the given sentence is:1) someone who supports or
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	1) the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "giant" in the given context is:3) an unusually large enterprise
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dinner" in the given sentence is: "the main meal of the day
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stake" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dinner" in the given sentence is:1) the main meal
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sponsor" in the given sentence is:1) someone who supports or
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:1) the capital of the United
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "giant" in the given context is:3) an unusually large enterprise
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stake" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dinner" in the given sentence is:1) the main meal
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearr
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:1) the capital of the United
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:1) the act of being present
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Senate" in the given sentence is:2) the upper house of
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearr
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this context is:2) someone who offers oppositionThis
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guests" in the given sentence is:1) a visitor to whom hospital
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:1) the act of being present
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	1) the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Senate" in the given sentence is:2) the upper house of
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this context is:2) someone who offers oppositionThis
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guests" in the given sentence is:1) a visitor to whom hospital
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:2) a prolonged period of time
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	1) the main meal of the day served in the evening or at midday
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:1) a principle or condition that customarily
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:2) a prolonged period of time
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:1) a principle or condition that customarily
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in this context is:1) a set of rules or principles or
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:1) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organizations" in the given context is:3) the persons (or commit
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in this context is:1) a set of rules or principles or
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:1) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:1) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaker" in the given context is:1) someone who expresses in
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given context is:5) an announcement of the events that will
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organizations" in the given context is:3) the persons (or commit
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "event" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:1) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proximity" in the given sentence is:1) the property of being
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaker" in the given context is:1) someone who expresses in
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "case" in this context is:3) a special set of circumstancesThis
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given context is:5) an announcement of the events that will
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable definition of "company" in this context is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "event" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this context is:5) (law) a right or legal share
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proximity" in the given sentence is:1) the property of being
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breach" in the given context is:1) a failure to perform some
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "case" in this context is:3) a special set of circumstancesThis
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "indifference" in the given context is:4) the trait of remaining calm and
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable definition of "company" in this context is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in this context is:1) a set of rules or principles or
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this context is:5) (law) a right or legal share
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given context is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breach" in the given context is:1) a failure to perform some
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this context is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "indifference" in the given context is:4) the trait of remaining calm and
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in this context is:1) a set of rules or principles or
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:1) a principle or condition that customarily govern
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given context is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:4) the officer who presides at the
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "justices" in this context is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "fundraiser" in the given sentence is:2) a social function that is
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable definition for "rules" in this context is:1) a principle or condition that customarily govern
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given context is:4) the officer who presides at the
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appearance" in the given sentence is:1) outward or visible aspect
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "fundraiser" in the given sentence is:2) a social function that is
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assistance" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of contributing to
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "event" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is:2) an assertion that something is true
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appearance" in the given sentence is:1) outward or visible aspect
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "regard" in the given sentence is number 5: "the condition of being honored
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assistance" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of contributing to
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "business" in this context is:4) a rightful concern or responsibility
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "event" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is:2) an assertion that something is true
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "groups" in the given context is:1) any number of entities (members)
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "regard" in the given sentence is number 5: "the condition of being honored
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "conservatives" in the given context is:1) a person who is reluct
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "business" in this context is:4) a rightful concern or responsibility
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "Justice" in the given context is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "groups" in the given context is:1) any number of entities (members)
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "administration" in the given sentence is:2) the persons (or committe
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "conservatives" in the given context is:1) a person who is reluct
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "Justice" in the given context is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable definition of "case" in this context is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "administration" in the given sentence is:2) the persons (or committe
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indication" in the given sentence is:1) something that serves to indicate
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiarity" in the given sentence is:2) usualness by virtue
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable definition of "case" in this context is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:2) a single play of a
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indication" in the given sentence is:1) something that serves to indicate
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:1) a place within a region identified relative
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiarity" in the given sentence is:2) usualness by virtue
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:2) a single play of a
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:1) a place within a region identified relative
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable definition of "San Jose" in this context is:2) the capital and largest city of Costa
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "number one" in the given sentence is:3) the first element in a count
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "record" in this context is:6) an extreme attainment; the best
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable definition of "San Jose" in this context is:2) the capital and largest city of Costa
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:8) a numeral or string of
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "number one" in the given sentence is:3) the first element in a count
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "record" in this context is:6) an extreme attainment; the best
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "League" in the given context is:1) an association of sports teams
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time occupying
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:8) a numeral or string of
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competitions" in this context is:3) the act of competing as for
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "League" in the given context is:1) an association of sports teams
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time occupying
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given context is:1) the accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competitions" in this context is:3) the act of competing as for
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "area" in the given sentence is:4) a particular environment or walk of
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given context is:2) a relative position or
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peak" in the given sentence is:3) the highest level or degree
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given context is:1) the accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:1) the soccer or hockey
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "area" in the given sentence is:4) a particular environment or walk of
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given context is:2) a relative position or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "London" in the given sentence is:1) the capital and largest city of
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peak" in the given sentence is:3) the highest level or degree
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment; the
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:1) the soccer or hockey
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:1) the soccer or hockey
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is definition number 2: "a formal contest in which
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "London" in the given sentence is:1) the capital and largest city of
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment; the
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment; the
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:1) the soccer or hockey
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is definition number 2: "a formal contest in which
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment; the
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who particip
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the given context is:1) a forward on a soccer
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who particip
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "number" in the given sentence is:8) a numeral or
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in this context is: a cooperative unit (especially in sports).
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:3) an amusement or past
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "side" in this context is:1) a place within a region identified relative to
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the given context is:1) a forward on a soccer
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "number" in the given sentence is:8) a numeral or
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the given context is:1) a forward on a soccer
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:3) an amusement or past
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "side" in this context is:1) a place within a region identified relative to
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable definition of "side" in this context is:2) one of two or more contesting groups
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the given context is:1) a forward on a soccer
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presences" in the given context would be:1) the state of being
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the given sentence "The rest doesn't come near the 2
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable definition of "side" in this context is:2) one of two or more contesting groups
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorer" in the given sentence is:1) a player who makes a
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presences" in the given context would be:1) the state of being
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "goals" in the given sentence is:3) game equipment consisting of the place
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the given sentence "The rest doesn't come near the 2
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "games" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of your sentence is:1) an oner
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorer" in the given sentence is:1) a player who makes a
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "goals" in the given sentence is:3) game equipment consisting of the place
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Immigration" in the given sentence is:1) migration into
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) the unit of counting in
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of your sentence is:1) an oner
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aspects" in the given sentence is:1) a distinct feature or
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congestion" in the given context is:2) excessive crowding
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Immigration" in the given sentence is:1) migration into
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "numbers" in the given context is:1) the property possessed by a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aspects" in the given sentence is:1) a distinct feature or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compatibility" in the given context is:3) capability of existing or performing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congestion" in the given context is:2) excessive crowding
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "status" in the given context is:1) the relative position or standing of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "numbers" in the given context is:1) the property possessed by a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compatibility" in the given context is:3) capability of existing or performing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harassment" in the given context is:2) the act of tor
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "status" in the given context is:1) the relative position or standing of
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is en
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" in the given sentence is:1) a republic in western Europe
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talent" in the given context is: 1) natural abilities or qualities. The
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harassment" in the given context is:2) the act of tor
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiters" in this context is:1) a person whose occupation is to
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is en
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "viewpoint" in the given sentence is:1) a mental position from which
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" in the given sentence is:1) a republic in western Europe
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talent" in the given context is: 1) natural abilities or qualities. The
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "Left" in the given sentence is:2) those who support varying degrees of social or
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiters" in this context is:1) a person whose occupation is to
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given context is:4) those who support political or social or economic
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "viewpoint" in the given sentence is:1) a mental position from which
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the given sentence is:1) the subject matter of a conversation
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable definition of "Right" in the given context is:4) those who support political or social or
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "Left" in the given sentence is:2) those who support varying degrees of social or
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tone" in the given context is:4) the general atmosphere of a
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given context is:4) those who support political or social or economic
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved (
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the given sentence is:1) the subject matter of a conversation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable definition of "Right" in the given context is:4) those who support political or social or
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tone" in the given context is:4) the general atmosphere of a
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the given context is:2) those who support varying degrees of
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved (
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" among the given options is:1) a republic in western Europe
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misery" in the given context is:1) a state of ill
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being unlike
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the given context is:2) those who support varying degrees of
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" among the given options is:1) a republic in western Europe
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	1) the trait of being willing to give your money or time
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misery" in the given context is:1) a state of ill
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	1) an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usually accompanied by a desire to flee
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being unlike
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "invasion" in the given sentence is:2) any entry into an area not
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "territory" in the given sentence is:1) a region marked off
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	1) the trait of being willing to give your money or time
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "hordes" in the given sentence is:1) a vast multitude
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	1) an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usually accompanied by a desire to flee
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the given sentence is:2) those who support varying degrees of social
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "invasion" in the given sentence is:2) any entry into an area not
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given context is:4) those who support political or social or economic
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "territory" in the given sentence is:1) a region marked off
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sides" in the given sentence is:10) an opinion that is
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "hordes" in the given sentence is:1) a vast multitude
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an onerous or
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the given sentence is:2) those who support varying degrees of social
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of production and
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "Right" in the given context is:4) those who support political or social or economic
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "society" in the given sentence is:1) an extended social group having
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sides" in the given sentence is:10) an opinion that is
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being unlike or
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an onerous or
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of production and
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	1) the trait of being willing to give your money or time
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "society" in the given sentence is:1) an extended social group having
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is:1) a series of steps to be carried
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of being unlike or
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved (definition
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which some
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	1) the trait of being willing to give your money or time
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an onerous or
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is:1) a series of steps to be carried
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved (definition
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "book" in this context is definition 1) "a written work or composition that has been
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which some
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "immigration" in the given context is:1) migration into a place (especially
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an onerous or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "People" in the given context is:1) (plural) any group
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "problem" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Migration" in the given context is:1) the movement of persons from one
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	1) the time yet to come
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "book" in this context is definition 1) "a written work or composition that has been
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "specialists" in this context is definition 1) "an expert who is devoted to one
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "immigration" in the given context is:1) migration into a place (especially
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "impact" in the given context is: 2) a forceful consequence; a strong
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "People" in the given context is:1) (plural) any group
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "migration" in the given context is:1) the movement of persons from
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Migration" in the given context is:1) the movement of persons from one
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	1) the time yet to come
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable definition for "flows" in the given context is:3) the act of flowing or streaming
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for "specialists" in this context is definition 1) "an expert who is devoted to one
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable definition for "employment" in the given context is:1) the state of being employed or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for "impact" in the given context is: 2) a forceful consequence; a strong
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable definition of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "migration" in the given context is:1) the movement of persons from
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "immigration" in the given sentence is:1) migration into a place
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable definition for "flows" in the given context is:3) the act of flowing or streaming
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable definition of "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable definition for "employment" in the given context is:1) the state of being employed or
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being employed or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable definition of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Fears" in the given sentence is:1) an emotion experienced in anticip
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "immigration" in the given sentence is:1) migration into a place
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is: 2) a forceful consequence; a
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable definition of "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being employed or
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "ones" in the given context is:3) a single person or thing
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Fears" in the given sentence is:1) an emotion experienced in anticip
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:6) an oppressive condition of
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is: 2) a forceful consequence; a
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "replacements" in the given context is:1) the act of furnishing
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "ones" in the given context is:3) a single person or thing
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical work
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "pressure" in the given context is:6) an oppressive condition of
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "trades" in the given sentence is:2) the skilled practice of a practical
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "shortage" in the given context is: "an acute insufficiency". This definition
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "replacements" in the given context is:1) the act of furnishing
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical work
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical work
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms part
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "trades" in the given sentence is:2) the skilled practice of a practical
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical work
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "shortage" in the given context is: "an acute insufficiency". This definition
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "ones" in the given context is:3) a single person or thing
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical work
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable definition of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms part
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms part
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "training" in the given context is:1) activity leading to skilled behavior
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical work
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "offers" in the given context would be "3) a usually brief attempt." However,
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "ones" in the given context is:3) a single person or thing
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being employed or
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable definition of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms part
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence "A positive effect on wages" is:1
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "training" in the given context is:1) activity leading to skilled behavior
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "offers" in the given context would be "3) a usually brief attempt." However,
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being employed or
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "shortage" in this context is: "an acute insufficiency". In the sentence
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence "A positive effect on wages" is:1
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable definition of "complementarities" in the given context is:3) the interrelation of
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arrival" in this context is: 2) the act of arriving at a
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in this context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "shortage" in this context is: "an acute insufficiency". In the sentence
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given sentence is:5) the amount a salary is increased.
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable definition of "complementarities" in the given context is:3) the interrelation of
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "flow" in the given context is either:3) the act of flowing or streaming
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arrival" in this context is: 2) the act of arriving at a
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is:4) the amount by which something increases
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in this context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given sentence is:5) the amount a salary is increased.
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "diversity" in the given context is: "noticeable heterogeneity." This
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "flow" in the given context is either:3) the act of flowing or streaming
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "creation" in the given context is:4) the act of starting something for
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is:4) the amount by which something increases
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ideas" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable definition of "proportion" in this context is:4) the relation between things (or
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "diversity" in the given context is: "noticeable heterogeneity." This
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	1) of or relating to the United States of America or its people or language or culture
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "creation" in the given context is:4) the act of starting something for
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "winners" in the given context is:3) a person with a record of
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ideas" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable definition of "Yahoo" in the given context is:3) a widely used search engine for
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable definition of "proportion" in this context is:4) the relation between things (or
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "contributors" in the given context would be:2) a writer whose work
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	1) of or relating to the United States of America or its people or language or culture
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) a summary of intended expend
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "winners" in the given context is:3) a person with a record of
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable definition of "Yahoo" in the given context is:3) a widely used search engine for
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Organisation" in the given sentence is:1) the persons (or commit
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "contributors" in the given context would be:2) a writer whose work
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "age" in this context is:3) a time of life (usually defined
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) a summary of intended expend
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "contribution" in the given context is:4) an amount of money contributed
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (especially physical
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	The most suitable definition for "receipts" in this context is:2) an acknowledgment (
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Organisation" in the given sentence is:1) the persons (or commit
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditure" in this context is:1) money paid out; an
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "age" in this context is:3) a time of life (usually defined
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "contribution" in the given context is:4) an amount of money contributed
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given context is:2) a summary of intended expend
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	The most suitable definition for "receipts" in this context is:2) an acknowledgment (
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable definition of "mandate" in the given context is:3) the commission that is given to
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditure" in this context is:1) money paid out; an
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given context is:12) a distinct part that can be
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given context is:2) a summary of intended expend
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "question" in the given sentence is:2) the subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable definition of "mandate" in the given context is:3) the commission that is given to
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given context is:12) a distinct part that can be
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the given sentence is:12) a symbol for a
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming larger or
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "question" in the given sentence is:2) the subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficulty
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uproar" in the given context is: "a state of commotion and noise
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the given sentence is:12) a symbol for a
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the given sentence is:12) a symbol for a
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficulty
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uproar" in the given context is: "a state of commotion and noise
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given context is:1) where you live at a particular
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the given sentence is:12) a symbol for a
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industry" in the given context is:2) the organized action of making
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "giant" in this context is:3) an unusually large enterpriseThis
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in this context is: a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given context is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given context is:1) where you live at a particular
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industry" in the given context is:2) the organized action of making
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disputes" in this context is: "a disagreement or argument about something important
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "giant" in this context is:3) an unusually large enterpriseThis
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcy" in the given context is:3) a legal process intended
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given context is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:4) the act of providing an item
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "sale" in the given sentence is:1) a particular instance of selling
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disputes" in this context is: "a disagreement or argument about something important
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in the given context is:2) an official responsible for control and
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcy" in the given context is:3) a legal process intended
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "string" in the given context is:9) a collection of objects threaded on
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:4) the act of providing an item
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts depos
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "sale" in the given sentence is:1) a particular instance of selling
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	1) a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) something in the
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in the given context is:2) an official responsible for control and
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "value" in the given sentence is:3) the amount (of money or goods
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "string" in the given context is:9) a collection of objects threaded on
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts depos
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given sentence is: "an unstable situation of
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	1) a verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing to do (or not to do) something in the
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "value" in the given sentence is:3) the amount (of money or goods
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New York" in the given sentence is:1) the largest city in New
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given sentence is: "an unstable situation of
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "settlement" in the given sentence is:3) a conclusive resolution of
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New York" in the given sentence is:1) the largest city in New
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsiveness" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being respons
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts depos
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "settlement" in the given sentence is:3) a conclusive resolution of
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcies" in the given sentence is:3) a legal process intended
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deposits" in the given sentence is:4) money deposited in
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsiveness" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being respons
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:1) something (such as
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts depos
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "billions" in the given sentence is:1) the number that is represented
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcies" in the given sentence is:3) a legal process intended
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "settlements" in the given sentence would be:6) an area where
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deposits" in the given sentence is:4) money deposited in
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in the given context is:2) an official responsible for control and
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:1) something (such as
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts depos
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "billions" in the given sentence is:1) the number that is represented
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	1) the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "settlements" in the given sentence would be:6) an area where
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "fate" in the given sentence is:1) an event (or a course
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in the given context is:2) an official responsible for control and
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts depos
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	1) the warmest season of the year; in the northern hemisphere it extends from the summer solstice
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "height" in the given context is:2) the highest level or degree attain
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "fate" in the given sentence is:1) an event (or a course
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given sentence is:1) an un
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence would be:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wind" in the given sentence is:1) air moving (sometimes with
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "height" in the given context is:2) the highest level or degree attain
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given sentence is:1) an un
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence would be:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence would be:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulators" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible for
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wind" in the given sentence is:1) air moving (sometimes with
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is: North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given context is:3) a demand for something as
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence would be:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:1) something (such as
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulators" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible for
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misconduct" in the given sentence is: "activity that transgresses moral or
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wave" in the given sentence is:2) a movement like that of a
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given context is:3) a demand for something as
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:3) a demand for something as right
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:1) something (such as
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts depos
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misconduct" in the given sentence is: "activity that transgresses moral or
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wave" in the given sentence is:2) a movement like that of a
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "value" in the given sentence is:1) a numerical quantity measured or assigned or
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:3) a demand for something as right
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts depos
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in the given context is:2) an official responsible for control and
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "value" in the given sentence is:1) a numerical quantity measured or assigned or
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibility" in the given context is:3) a form of trustworth
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum" in the given context is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in the given context is:2) an official responsible for control and
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intention" in the given context is:1) an anticipated outcome that is
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibility" in the given context is:3) a form of trustworth
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum" in the given context is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information (especially
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intention" in the given context is:1) an anticipated outcome that is
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the given context is:4) the act of judging
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information (especially
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in this context is: make plain and comprehensible. This is because the
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the given context is:4) the act of judging
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "Products" in this context is:2) an artifact that has been created
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Human" in the given sentence is:3) relating to a person
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in this context is: make plain and comprehensible. This is because the
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in this context is:1) the act of usingThis
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "Products" in this context is:2) an artifact that has been created
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Human" in the given sentence is:3) relating to a person
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in this context is:1) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in this context is:1) the act of usingThis
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "reach" in the given sentence is:5) to gain with effortThis
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this context is:1) something (as a course
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in this context is:1) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "reach" in the given sentence is:5) to gain with effortThis
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "need" in the given sentence is: "have need of". This definition is
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this context is:1) something (as a course
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `m
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medical" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the study or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "need" in the given sentence is: "have need of". This definition is
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "condition" in the given sentence is:6) an illness, disease, or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `m
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medical" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the study or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Leaflet" in the given context is:3) a small book usually
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "condition" in the given sentence is:6) an illness, disease, or
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contact" in the given sentence is: "be in or establish communication with".
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Leaflet" in the given context is:3) a small book usually
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is: "have need of". This definition fits
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contact" in the given sentence is: "be in or establish communication with".
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the given context is:1) a relation that provides the
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is: "have need of". This definition fits
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given context is:1) something (as
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is written
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Discussion" in the given context is: "an extended communication (often interactive)
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the given context is:1) a relation that provides the
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given context is:1) something (as
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "powder" in the given sentence is:1) a solid substance in the
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "read" in the given sentence is:1) interpret something that is written
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the given context is:1) a homogeneous mixture of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Discussion" in the given context is: "an extended communication (often interactive)
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "drip" in the given context is: 1) fall in drops.
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "powder" in the given sentence is:1) a solid substance in the
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vein" in the given sentence is:1) a blood vessel that carries
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the given context is:1) a homogeneous mixture of
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain;
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "drip" in the given context is: 1) fall in drops.
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a particular kind
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vein" in the given sentence is:1) a blood vessel that carries
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence "What is Alimta used for?" is:
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain;
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treat" in the given sentence is:2) subject to a process or
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a particular kind
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence "What is Alimta used for?" is:
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treat" in the given sentence is:2) subject to a process or
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lining" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that protect
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given sentence is: "give rise to; cause to
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the given context is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lining" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that protect
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given sentence is: "give rise to; cause to
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "removed" in the given context is:1) remove something concrete, as by
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the given context is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surgery" among the given options is:1) the branch of medical science
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "alone" in the given context is:3) exclusive of anyone or anything else
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "spread" in the given context is:2) become distributed or widespread
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "removed" in the given context is:1) remove something concrete, as by
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "likely" in the given context is:2) likely but not certain to be or become
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surgery" among the given options is:1) the branch of medical science
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for "spread" in the given context is:2) become distributed or widespread
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "alone" in the given context is:3) exclusive of anyone or anything else
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	1) with ease (`easy' is sometimes used informally for `easily')
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "spread" in the given context is:2) become distributed or widespread
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "likely" in the given context is:2) likely but not certain to be or become
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "parts" in the given context is:9) one of the portions into which something
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for "spread" in the given context is:2) become distributed or widespread
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The most suitable definition for "body" in the given sentence is number 1) "the entire structure of an organism
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	1) with ease (`easy' is sometimes used informally for `easily')
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "parts" in the given context is:9) one of the portions into which something
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The most suitable definition for "body" in the given sentence is number 1) "the entire structure of an organism
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable definition for "advanced" in the given context is:2) comparatively late in a course
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the given context is:1) have an effect upon
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable definition for "advanced" in the given context is:2) comparatively late in a course
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "treated" in the given context is:2) subject to a process or treatment
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the given context is:1) have an effect upon
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given context is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:1) the time that has el
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "treated" in the given context is:2) subject to a process or treatment
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) something that treats or
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is: "except that". The sentence implies that the medicine
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given context is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obtained" in the given sentence is:1) come into possession of
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:1) the time that has el
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prescription" in the given sentence is: "a drug that is available only with written
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) something that treats or
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of "How is Alimta used?" is:
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is: "except that". The sentence implies that the medicine
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obtained" in the given sentence is:1) come into possession of
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is:19) give (as
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prescription" in the given sentence is: "a drug that is available only with written
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of "How is Alimta used?" is:
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of usingThis
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given sentence is:1) a measured portion of medicine
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is:19) give (as
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mg" among the given options is: "one thousandth (1/1,0
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of an organ
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of usingThis
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "calculated" in the given context is:1) make a mathematical
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given sentence is:1) a measured portion of medicine
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mg" among the given options is: "one thousandth (1/1,0
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "patient" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of an organ
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable definition of "height" in the given sentence is:3) (of a standing person) the
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "calculated" in the given context is:1) make a mathematical
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable definition for "weight" in the given sentence is:6) a system of units used to express
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is:19) give (as
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "patient" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionThis is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable definition of "height" in the given sentence is:3) (of a standing person) the
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "every" in the given sentence is:2) each and all of a series of
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable definition for "weight" in the given sentence is:6) a system of units used to express
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is:19) give (as
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine) the
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionThis is
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lasting" in the given context is:1) persist for a specified
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "every" in the given sentence is:2) each and all of a series of
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "reduce" in the given sentence is:1) cut down on; make
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine) the
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is: "a secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lasting" in the given context is:1) persist for a specified
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal to
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "reduce" in the given sentence is:1) cut down on; make
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "injections" in the given context is:3) the act of putting a liquid
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is: "a secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in this context is:19) give (as medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "injections" in the given context is:3) the act of putting a liquid
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given context is: "keep from happening or arising;
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fluids" in the given context would be:2) continuous amorphous
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "given" in this context is:19) give (as medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given context is: "keep from happening or arising;
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dehydration" in the given context is:2) depletion of
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given context is: "keep from happening or arising;
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "given" in this context is:19) give (as medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fluids" in the given context would be:2) continuous amorphous
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in this context is:1) earlier in time; previously
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given context is: "keep from happening or arising;
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "after" in this context is:1) happening at a time subsequent
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dehydration" in the given context is:2) depletion of
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given sentence is:1) a measured portion of medicine
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable definition for "given" in this context is:19) give (as medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in this context is:1) earlier in time; previously
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "delayed" in the given sentence is:1) cause to be slowed down or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "after" in this context is:1) happening at a time subsequent
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "discontinued" in the given context is:1) put an end to a
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given sentence is:1) a measured portion of medicine
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "dose" in the given sentence is:1) a measured portion of medicine taken
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "reduced" in the given sentence is:1) cut down on; make a
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "delayed" in the given sentence is:1) cause to be slowed down or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "discontinued" in the given context is:1) put an end to a
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blood counts" among the given options is: "the number of red and white cor
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "dose" in the given sentence is:1) a measured portion of medicine taken
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "abnormal" in the given context is:1) not normal; not typical or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "reduced" in the given sentence is:1) cut down on; make a
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is:11) undergo (as of injuries
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this context is:1) definite but not specified or identified
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blood counts" among the given options is: "the number of red and white cor
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "abnormal" in the given context is:1) not normal; not typical or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is:1) a secondary and usually adverse
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is:11) undergo (as of injuries
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of using
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "certain" in this context is:1) definite but not specified or identified
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "moderate" in the given context is:1) being within reasonable or average
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is:1) a secondary and usually adverse
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "severe" in the given context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of using
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in this context is:1) a state of difficulty that
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `m
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "moderate" in the given context is:1) being within reasonable or average
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition for "severe" in the given context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watch17
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in this context is:1) a state of difficulty that
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Product" in the given sentence is:1) commodities offered for sale
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `m
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watch17
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a particular kind
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Product" in the given sentence is:1) commodities offered for sale
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the given sentence is:9) deprive of life
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a particular kind
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dividing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) act as
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of an organ
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the given sentence is:9) deprive of life
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the given sentence is:2) change the nature, purpose
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing a change
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dividing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) act as
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given sentence is:12) a distinct state of matter in
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of an organ
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "blocks" in the given sentence is:3) stop from happening or developing
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the given sentence is:2) change the nature, purpose
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing a change
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "producing" in the given sentence is:3) cause to happen, occur or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given sentence is:12) a distinct state of matter in
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building blocks" in this context is:2) a block of material used in
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "blocks" in the given sentence is:3) stop from happening or developing
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating to or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the given sentence is:1) the tangible substance that goes
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "producing" in the given sentence is:3) cause to happen, occur or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building blocks" in this context is:2) a block of material used in
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studied" in the given sentence "How has Alimta been studied?"
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating to or
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the given sentence is:1) the tangible substance that goes
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "studied" in the given context is:3) give careful consideration to
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "main" in the given context is:1) most important elementIn this
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studied" in the given sentence "How has Alimta been studied?"
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	1) earlier in time; previously
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "studied" in the given context is:3) give careful consideration to
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "effects" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition for "main" in the given context is:1) most important elementIn this
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note the
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	1) earlier in time; previously
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for the term "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "effects" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "effects" in the given context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for the term "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "effects" in the given context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this context is:2) engage as a participant
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "locally" in this context is:2) to a restricted area of the body
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "advanced" in the given context is:2) comparatively late in a course
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this context is:2) engage as a participant
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for "locally" in this context is:2) to a restricted area of the body
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for "advanced" in the given context is:2) comparatively late in a course
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this context is:2) engage as a participant.
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in this context is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "involving" in this context is:2) engage as a participant.
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in this context is:1) most important element.In
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:2) how much there is or how
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	1) for an extended time or at a distant time
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in this context is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survived" in the given context is:2) continue in existence after
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in this context is:1) most important element.In
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the given context is:2) something that aids
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:2) how much there is or how
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	1) for an extended time or at a distant time
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence would be:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survived" in the given context is:2) continue in existence after
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this context is:1) become bigger or greater in amount
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the given context is:2) something that aids
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state of surviving
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence would be:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this context is:1) become bigger or greater in amount
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "Patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care.
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state of surviving
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "survived" in this context is:2) continue in existence after (an
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "Patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care.
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "survived" in this context is:2) continue in existence after (an
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:1) a statistic describing the location of
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:3) works well as a means or rem
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:5) relating to or constituting the
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:3) works well as a means or rem
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving;
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable definition for "past" in this context is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:5) relating to or constituting the
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving;
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in this context is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:1) examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:5) relating to or constituting the
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving;
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in this context is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "average" in this context is:5) relating to or constituting the
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "groups" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members) considered
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving;
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "However" in the given sentence is:2) by contrast; on the other hand
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in which
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 3
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care.
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "groups" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members) considered
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition for "However" in the given sentence is:2) by contrast; on the other hand
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in this context is:1) have an effect upon
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "longer" in the given context is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care.
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state of surviving;
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "times" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in this context is:1) have an effect upon
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "contrast" in the given sentence is:1) the opposition or dissimilar
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for "longer" in the given context is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state of surviving;
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "times" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in the given context is:1) have an effect upon
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "contrast" in the given sentence is:1) the opposition or dissimilar
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "shorter" in the given context is:1) primarily temporal sense; indicating or
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given context is:1) a state of surviving
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malign
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "times" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "affecting" in the given context is:1) have an effect upon
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or pertaining
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition for "shorter" in the given context is:1) primarily temporal sense; indicating or
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given context is:1) a state of surviving
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "capable" in the given sentence is:1) (us
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "times" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or pertaining
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the given context is:1) having few parts; not complex or
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the given sentence is:10) (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "capable" in the given sentence is:1) (us
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "3D" in the given sentence is: having a three-dimensional form or appearance (Option
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual fact
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the given context is:1) having few parts; not complex or
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in the given sentence is "absolutely essential". In this context, the sentence implies
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the given sentence is:10) (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "3D" in the given sentence is: having a three-dimensional form or appearance (Option
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual fact
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in the given sentence is "absolutely essential". In this context, the sentence implies
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "main" in the given context is "1) most important element". In this sentence
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "window" in the given sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "main" in the given sentence "kalgebra main window" would be "1)
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "window" in the given sentence "kalgebra main window" would be:8)
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "main" in the given context is "1) most important element". In this sentence
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "main" in the given sentence is:1) most
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "window" in the given sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:8) (computer science) a
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "main" in the given sentence "kalgebra main window" would be "1)
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "consists" in the given sentence is:2) have its essential character;
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "window" in the given sentence "kalgebra main window" would be:8)
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Console" in the given sentence is:2) a scientific instrument consisting of displays
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "main" in the given sentence is:1) most
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "3D" in the given sentence is:2) having a three-dimensional
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:8) (computer science) a
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Below" in the given sentence is:1) in or to a place
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "consists" in the given sentence is:2) have its essential character;
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given context is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Console" in the given sentence is:2) a scientific instrument consisting of displays
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "input" in the given context is:1) signal going into an
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "3D" in the given sentence is:2) having a three-dimensional
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "type" in this context is:2) identify as belonging to a certain
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Below" in the given sentence is:1) in or to a place
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given context is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given context among the provided options is:2) carry out
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "input" in the given context is:1) signal going into an
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calculations" among the given options is:1) the procedure of calcul
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "type" in this context is:2) identify as belonging to a certain
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is: "have need of". This definition fits because the
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in this context is:1) know and comprehend the nature
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given context among the provided options is:2) carry out
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "works" in the given sentence is:24) find the solution to (a
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calculations" among the given options is:1) the procedure of calcul
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "best" in this context is:1) (superlative of `good')
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is: "have need of". This definition fits because the
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this context is option 4) an artifact. This is because the sentence
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in this context is:1) know and comprehend the nature
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "works" in the given sentence is:24) find the solution to (a
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "best" in this context is:1) (superlative of `good')
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:1) signal going into an electronic system
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this context is option 4) an artifact. This is because the sentence
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "converted" in the given sentence is:9) make (someone) agree
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in this context would be: 2) unavoidably determined by prior circumstances
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:1) signal going into an electronic system
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "converted" in the given sentence is:9) make (someone) agree
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical or
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "necessary" in this context would be: 2) unavoidably determined by prior circumstances
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "closely" in the given sentence is:2) in an att
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for the usage of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "look" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the given sentence is:1) used as intensifiers; "
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical or
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "similar" in the given context is:2) having the same
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "closely" in the given sentence is:2) in an att
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Addition" among the given options is:2) the act of adding one
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "look" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "subtraction" among the given options is:1
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the given sentence is:1) used as intensifiers; "
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "multiplication" among the given options is:3) an arithmetic operation
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "similar" in the given context is:2) having the same
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "division" among the given options is:11
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Addition" among the given options is:2) the act of adding one
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Power" in the given sentence, considering the context, would be:5)
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "subtraction" among the given options is:1
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	1) capable of happening or existing
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "multiplication" among the given options is:3) an arithmetic operation
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence, based on the provided options, is:
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "division" among the given options is:11
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Powers" in the given sentence is:6) a mathematical notation indicating the
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Power" in the given sentence, considering the context, would be:5)
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	1) capable of happening or existing
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "roots" in the given sentence would be:2) the place where something begins
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence, based on the provided options, is:
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the given sentence would be "in addition". This is because the sentence is
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Powers" in the given sentence is:6) a mathematical notation indicating the
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the given sentence is:4) be specific about
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "roots" in the given sentence would be:2) the place where something begins
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variable" in the given sentence is:1) something that is likely to vary
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the given sentence would be "in addition". This is because the sentence is
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the given sentence is:4) be specific about
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the given context is:4) be specific about
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variable" in the given sentence is:1) something that is likely to vary
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given context is:3) standing above others in
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "finds" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence,
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the given context is:4) be specific about
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given context is:3) standing above others in
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "checks" in the given context is:1) examine so as to determine
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "operator" in the given context is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "finds" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence,
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in this context is:2) subject to a process or treatment
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "operator" in the given context is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "checks" in the given context is:1) examine so as to determine
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in this context is:2) subject to a process or treatment
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "operator" in the given context is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "user" in the given context is:1) a person who makes use of
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in this context is:2) subject to a process or treatment
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given context is:2) what something is used
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the term "operator" in the given context is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given context is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in this context is:2) subject to a process or treatment
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given context is: "give a definition for the meaning
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "user" in the given context is:1) a person who makes use of
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given context is:1) a numerical quantity measured or assigned
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given context is:2) what something is used
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given context is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given sentence is:3) determine the nature of
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given context is: "give a definition for the meaning
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "conditional" in the given context would be:2) imposing or depending on
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given context is:1) a numerical quantity measured or assigned
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "operations" in the given context is:7) a process or series of acts especially
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "introduce" in this context is:3) introduceThis is because
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given sentence is:3) determine the nature of
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "conditional" in the given context would be:2) imposing or depending on
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "true" in this context is:1) consistent with fact or reality; not false
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition for "operations" in the given context is:7) a process or series of acts especially
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "finds" in the given context is:2) discover or determine the existence,
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "introduce" in this context is:3) introduceThis is because
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable definition for "instance" in this context is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "true" in this context is:1) consistent with fact or reality; not false
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given sentence is:2) give a definition for
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "finds" in the given context is:2) discover or determine the existence,
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "useful" in the given sentence is:1) being of use
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable definition for "instance" in this context is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "working" in the context of "Mainly useful for working with piecewise" would be:
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given sentence is:2) give a definition for
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the given sentence is:1) inquire about2)
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "useful" in the given sentence is:1) being of use
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "user" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes use of a
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "working" in the context of "Mainly useful for working with piecewise" would be:
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "easy" among the given options is:1)
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "functions" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the given sentence is:1) inquire about2)
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cos()" among the given options is:1) ratio of the adjacent side
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for "user" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes use of a
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sin()" among the given options is:3) ratio of the length of
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "easy" among the given options is:1)
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "functions" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum" in the given context is:2) a quantity obtained by the addition
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cos()" among the given options is:1) ratio of the adjacent side
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "product" in the given context is:3) a quantity obtained by multiplication
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sin()" among the given options is:3) ratio of the length of
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plus()" among the given options is:3) the arithmetic operation
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum" in the given context is:2) a quantity obtained by the addition
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times()" among the given options is:3) an arithmetic operation
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "product" in the given context is:3) a quantity obtained by multiplication
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "operator" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plus()" among the given options is:3) the arithmetic operation
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "useful" in the given sentence is:1) being of use
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times()" among the given options is:3) an arithmetic operation
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "There" in the given sentence is:1) in or at that place
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables" is
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "operator" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "list" in the given sentence is:1) an ordered collection of
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "useful" in the given sentence is:1) being of use
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "variables" in the given sentence is:2) a quantity that can
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "There" in the given sentence is:1) in or at that place
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out,
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables" is
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lets" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through a specific
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "list" in the given sentence is:1) an ordered collection of
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given sentence is:3) become different in some particular way
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "variables" in the given sentence is:2) a quantity that can
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "values" in the given context is:3) the amount (of money or
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out,
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreThis
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lets" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through a specific
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given sentence is:3) become different in some particular way
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "values" in the given context is:3) the amount (of money or
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for some
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreThis
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "expression" in the given context is:6) a group of symbols that make a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "variable" in the given context is:2) a quantity that can
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given context is:1) a numerical quantity measured or assigned
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for some
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changed" in the given context is:1) cause to change; make different
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "expression" in the given context is:6) a group of symbols that make a
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given context is:2) coming after all others in time or
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "variable" in the given context is:2) a quantity that can
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "result" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition fits
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given context is:1) a numerical quantity measured or assigned
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New" in the given sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:1)
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changed" in the given context is:1) cause to change; make different
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "Window" in the given sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:8) (
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given context is:2) coming after all others in time or
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence "Flushes the log" is:4)
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition for "result" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition fits
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Load" in the given sentence "Ctrl L Load Script" is:3
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New" in the given sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:1)
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Executes" in the given sentence is:5) carry out a process or
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "Window" in the given sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:8) (
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:1) a message describing how something
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence "Flushes the log" is:4)
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "file" in the given sentence is:1) a set of related
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Load" in the given sentence "Ctrl L Load Script" is:3
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "Nice" in the given sentence is:1) pleasant or
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Executes" in the given sentence is:5) carry out a process or
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:1) a message describing how something
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given sentence is:2) give a definition for
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "file" in the given sentence is:1) a set of related
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "libraries" in the given sentence is either:2) a collection of literary
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "Nice" in the given sentence is:1) pleasant or
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "resume" in the given context is:2) return to a previous
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "previous" in the given context is:1) just preceding something
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given sentence is:2) give a definition for
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "libraries" in the given sentence is either:2) a collection of literary
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Save" in the given sentence "Ctrl G Save Script" is:1
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "resume" in the given context is:2) return to a previous
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the given sentence is:2) to keep up and reserve
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "previous" in the given context is:1) just preceding something
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:1) a message describing how something
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "typed" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Save" in the given sentence "Ctrl G Save Script" is:1
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the given sentence is:2) to keep up and reserve
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:1) a message describing how something
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Generates" in the given sentence is:1) bring into existence
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "typed" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the given sentence is:1) posing no difficulty;
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fix" in the given sentence is:8) make fixed, stable or station
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Generates" in the given sentence is:1) bring into existence
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text editor" in the given context is:3) (computer science)
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the given sentence is:1) posing no difficulty;
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Save" in the given sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fix" in the given sentence is:8) make fixed, stable or station
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Log" in the given sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:3)
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the given sentence is:2) to keep up and reserve
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text editor" in the given context is:3) (computer science)
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Save" in the given sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) something that resultsThis
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Log" in the given sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:3)
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the given sentence is:2) to keep up and reserve
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "print" in the given context is:1) put into print
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "publish" in the given context is: "prepare and issue for public distribution or
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) something that resultsThis
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Quit" in the given sentence "Ctrl Q Quit" is:
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the usage of "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence "Shuts the program down" is:7
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "print" in the given context is:1) put into print
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "add" in the given sentence is:4) make an addition by
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "publish" in the given context is: "prepare and issue for public distribution or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Quit" in the given sentence "Ctrl Q Quit" is:
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence "Shuts the program down" is:7
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "go" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "add" in the given sentence is:4) make an addition by
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the given context is:4) make an addition by combining numbers
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "add" in the given sentence is:4) make an addition by
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "go" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the given context is:4) make an addition by combining numbers
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors)
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "add" in the given sentence is:4) make an addition by
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the given sentence is:1) the concentration of attention or energy
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "input" in the given context is:1) signal going into an
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors)
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "type" in this context is:3) a category of things having something
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the given sentence is:1) the concentration of attention or energy
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given context is:2) what something is used
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "input" in the given context is:1) signal going into an
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "type" in this context is:3) a category of things having something
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typical" in the given sentence is:1) exhibiting the qualities or
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given context is:2) what something is used
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the given context would be "unavoidably determined by prior circumstances"
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need of
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "specify" in the given context is:4) be specific about
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typical" in the given sentence is:1) exhibiting the qualities or
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "display" in the given sentence is:1) to show, make
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the given context would be "unavoidably determined by prior circumstances"
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important elementIn this
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "specify" in the given context is:4) be specific about
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable definition for "window" in the given sentence is:8) (computer science) a rect
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the given sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" is
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "display" in the given sentence is:1) to show, make
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given sentence is:1) (used with count
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important elementIn this
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable definition for "window" in the given sentence is:8) (computer science) a rect
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "Just" in the given sentence is "2) indicating exactness or preciseness". In
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the given sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" is
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given sentence is:1) (used with count
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (to);
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "List" in the given sentence is:1) a database containing an ordered array of
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for "Just" in the given sentence is "2) indicating exactness or preciseness". In
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable definition for "mode" in the given sentence is:2) a particular functioning condition or arrangement
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "set" in the given sentence "You can set each graph its own color"
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (to);
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "color" in the given sentence is:1) a visual attribute of
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for "List" in the given sentence is:1) a database containing an ordered array of
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:2) an institution supported by an endow
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable definition for "mode" in the given sentence is:2) a particular functioning condition or arrangement
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a participant
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "set" in the given sentence "You can set each graph its own color"
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organising" in the given sentence is:5) arrange by systematic planning and
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "color" in the given sentence is:1) a visual attribute of
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearr
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:2) an institution supported by an endow
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "dealt" in the given sentence is:10) direct the course of;
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a participant
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "critical" in the given sentence is:5) forming or having the nature of
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organising" in the given sentence is:5) arrange by systematic planning and
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stim
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearr
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in this context is:1) someone who takes part in
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "dealt" in the given sentence is:10) direct the course of;
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given context is:1) most important element
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "critical" in the given sentence is:5) forming or having the nature of
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attended" in the given sentence is:1) be present at
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stim
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "debated" in the given context is:3) discuss the pros
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in this context is:1) someone who takes part in
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given context is:1) most important element
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "actors" in the given context is:2) a person who acts and gets
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attended" in the given sentence is:1) be present at
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "authorities" in the given sentence is:2) (usually plural) persons
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "debated" in the given context is:3) discuss the pros
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voluntary" in the given context is:1) of your own free
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "actors" in the given context is:2) a person who acts and gets
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable definition of "community" in the given sentence is:6) a district where people live;
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "authorities" in the given sentence is:2) (usually plural) persons
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in the given sentence is:1) the persons (or commit
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person or
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voluntary" in the given context is:1) of your own free
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable definition for "users" in the given context is:1) a person who makes use of a
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable definition of "community" in the given sentence is:6) a district where people live;
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in this context is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in the given sentence is:1) the persons (or commit
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result of an
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "attempts" in this context is:1) earnest and conscient
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable definition for "users" in the given context is:1) a person who makes use of a
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "involve" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a participant
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in this context is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	1) a person who makes use of a thing; someone who uses or employs something
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result of an
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "attempts" in this context is:1) earnest and conscient
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planning" in the given context is:1) an act of formulating
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "involve" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a participant
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in this context is:1) the act of sharing in
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	1) a person who makes use of a thing; someone who uses or employs something
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provision" in the given context is:2) the activity of supplying
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planning" in the given context is:1) an act of formulating
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation,
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in this context is:1) the act of sharing in
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in this context is:1) used to form the comparative of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable definition for "common" in this context is:2) having no special distinction or quality; widely
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provision" in the given context is:2) the activity of supplying
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the given sentence is:1) a collection containing a variety
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:4) establish after a calculation, investigation,
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "different" in the given sentence is:1) unlike in nature or quality
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in this context is:1) used to form the comparative of
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "played" in the given sentence is:4) play a role or part
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable definition for "common" in this context is:2) having no special distinction or quality; widely
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the given sentence is:1) a collection containing a variety
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "welfare" in the given sentence is: 2) something that aids or prom
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "different" in the given sentence is:1) unlike in nature or quality
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:2) an institution supported by an endow
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "played" in the given sentence is:4) play a role or part
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "Commission" in the given sentence is:5) a group of representatives or deleg
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "Ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department under the direction
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "welfare" in the given sentence is: 2) something that aids or prom
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:2) an institution supported by an endow
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "Affairs" in the given sentence is 2) transactions of professional or public interest. This
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "Commission" in the given sentence is:5) a group of representatives or deleg
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "regional" in the given context would be:2) related or limited to a
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "Ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department under the direction
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearr
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "Affairs" in the given sentence is 2) transactions of professional or public interest. This
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "regional" in the given context would be:2) related or limited to a
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exclusion" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being excluded
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "major" in the given sentence is:1) of greater importance or stature or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearr
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stim
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exclusion" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being excluded
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable definition for "welfare" in the given context is:3) a contented state of being
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "major" in the given sentence is:1) of greater importance or stature or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given context is:2) an institution supported by an endow
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stim
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "published" in the given context is: "prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comparative" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or based on
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable definition for "welfare" in the given context is:3) a contented state of being
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given context is:2) an institution supported by an endow
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "published" in the given context is: "prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comparative" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or based on
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to which
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "study" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "direct" in the given context is:2) having no intervening persons, agents
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in the given sentence is: "the act of sharing in the activities
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable definition of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to which
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable definition for "increasing" in this context is: 1) become bigger or greater in amount.
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable definition for "direct" in the given context is:2) having no intervening persons, agents
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in the given sentence is: "the act of sharing in the activities
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable definition of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in the given context is:2) particular to a given individual
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable definition for "increasing" in this context is: 1) become bigger or greater in amount.
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in this context is: "a conference (usually with someone important)".
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "senior" in the given context is:1) older; higher in rank;
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "officials" in the given context would be:1) a worker who holds
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in the given context is:2) particular to a given individual
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in this context is: "a conference (usually with someone important)".
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is:1) a person who represents others
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "senior" in the given context is:1) older; higher in rank;
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or belonging
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for "officials" in the given context would be:1) a worker who holds
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given context is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in the given sentence would be:3) an organized structure for
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for "representatives" in this context is:1) a person who represents others
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or belonging
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or value
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given context is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "industrial" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in the given sentence would be:3) an organized structure for
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "metal" in the given sentence is:1) any of several chemical elements
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or value
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "industry" in the given sentence is:3) the organized action
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "industrial" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banking" in the given sentence is:1) engaging in the business of
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sector" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "metal" in the given sentence is:1) any of several chemical elements
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "included" in the given sentence is:3) add as part of something
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "industry" in the given sentence is:3) the organized action
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speakers" in this context is:1) someone who expresses in language
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banking" in the given sentence is:1) engaging in the business of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sector" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exclusion" in the given context is:1) the state of being excluded
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "included" in the given sentence is:3) add as part of something
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearr
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speakers" in this context is:1) someone who expresses in language
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable definition of "left" in the given context is:2) those who support varying degrees of social
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition of "right" in the given context is:4) those who support political or social or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exclusion" in the given context is:1) the state of being excluded
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Employment" among the given options is:1) the state of being employed
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearr
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable definition of "Industrial" in the context of the sentence is:1) of or relating
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable definition of "left" in the given context is:2) those who support varying degrees of social
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for "Commission" in the given context is:1) a special group delegated to
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition of "right" in the given context is:4) those who support political or social or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given context is:1) greater than normal in degree or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Employment" among the given options is:1) the state of being employed
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" among the given options is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable definition of "Industrial" in the context of the sentence is:1) of or relating
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Member" in this context is:1) one of the persons who compose
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for "Commission" in the given context is:1) a special group delegated to
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parliament" among the given options is:1) a legislative assembly in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given context is:1) greater than normal in degree or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parliament" among the given options is:1) a legislative assembly in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" among the given options is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable definition for "Economic" in the given context is:1) of or relating to an
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Member" in this context is:1) one of the persons who compose
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parliament" among the given options is:1) a legislative assembly in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" among the given options is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parliament" among the given options is:1) a legislative assembly in
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "Case Studies" in the given context is:1) a careful study of some social
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable definition for "Economic" in the given context is:1) of or relating to an
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or belonging
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" among the given options is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given context is:1) include or contain; have as
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for "Case Studies" in the given context is:1) a careful study of some social
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "present" in the given context is:1) give an exhibition of to an interested
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or belonging
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policies" in this context is: a plan of action adopted by an individual or social
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practices" in this context is:1) a customary way of
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given context is:1) include or contain; have as
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "improve" in this context is: "to make better." This definition
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "present" in the given context is:1) give an exhibition of to an interested
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in this context is: "activity leading to skilled behavior." This definition fits because
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policies" in this context is: a plan of action adopted by an individual or social
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given context is:1) act of improving by expanding
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practices" in this context is:1) a customary way of
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in this context is:1) a person who works at a specific
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "improve" in this context is: "to make better." This definition
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "community" in the given context is:1) a group of people living
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in this context is: "activity leading to skilled behavior." This definition fits because
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given context is:1) act of improving by expanding
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "case study" in the given sentence is:2) a detailed analysis of a person
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in this context is:1) a person who works at a specific
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "case studies" in the given sentence is:1) a careful study of some social
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "community" in the given context is:1) a group of people living
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "analysed" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "background" in the given sentence is:3) information that is essential to understanding a
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "case study" in the given sentence is:2) a detailed analysis of a person
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "impact" in the given sentence is: 2) a forceful consequence; a strong
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for "case studies" in the given sentence is:1) a careful study of some social
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being employed
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "analysed" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "background" in the given sentence is:3) information that is essential to understanding a
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in the given sentence is:2) a group of people who
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "impact" in the given sentence is: 2) a forceful consequence; a strong
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "assessed" in the given context is:1) evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being employed
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the given context is: "something that aids or promotes well
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable definition for "problems" in this context is: "a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for "organisations" in the given sentence is:2) a group of people who
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Visits" in the given sentence is:1) the act of going to
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "assessed" in the given context is:1) evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" among the given options is: "a conference (usually with someone important
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in the given context is: "something that aids or promotes well
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable definition for "problems" in this context is: "a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Visits" in the given sentence is:1) the act of going to
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "form" in this context is:4) give shape or form toThis
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" among the given options is: "a conference (usually with someone important
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "basis" in the given sentence is:1) a relation that provides the foundation
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "overall" in the given context is: 2) including everything. This is because the
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "form" in this context is:4) give shape or form toThis
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "practices" in the given sentence is:1) a customary way of
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "basis" in the given sentence is:1) a relation that provides the foundation
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "published" in this context is: 2) prepare and issue for public distribution or
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "overall" in the given context is: 2) including everything. This is because the
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "conference" in this context is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "practices" in the given sentence is:1) a customary way of
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "staged" in this context is:2) plan, organize, and carry out
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:1) the basis on which something is
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "published" in this context is: 2) prepare and issue for public distribution or
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the given sentence is:5) intend (something) to
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "conference" in this context is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "document" in the given sentence is "record in detail." This is because the
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "staged" in this context is:2) plan, organize, and carry out
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "characteristics" in the given sentence is:1) a prominent attribute or aspect of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:1) the basis on which something is
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the given sentence is:5) intend (something) to
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that makes it
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "document" in the given sentence is "record in detail." This is because the
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable definition of "job" among the given options for the context of the sentence is:1) the
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "characteristics" in the given sentence is:1) a prominent attribute or aspect of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the given context is: "activity leading to skilled behavior." This definition fits
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analyse" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that makes it
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "causes" in the given context is:1) events that provide the generative
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable definition of "job" among the given options for the context of the sentence is:1) the
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perspectives" in the given sentence is:1) a way of regarding situations
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the given context is: "activity leading to skilled behavior." This definition fits
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analyse" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "particular" in the given context is:1) unique or specific to a person
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "causes" in the given context is:1) events that provide the generative
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the given sentence is:1) the process whereby a
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perspectives" in the given sentence is:1) a way of regarding situations
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "paid" in the given context is:2) convey, as of a compliment, regards
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the given context is:1) something proposed (such
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "particular" in the given context is:1) unique or specific to a person
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "removing" in the given context is:5) shift the position or location of
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the given sentence is:1) the process whereby a
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for "paid" in the given context is:2) convey, as of a compliment, regards
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "barriers" in the given context is:3) anything serving to maintain separation by
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the given context is:1) something proposed (such
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "removing" in the given context is:5) shift the position or location of
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "private" in the given context is:1) confined to particular persons or groups
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable definition of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms part
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable definition for "barriers" in the given context is:3) anything serving to maintain separation by
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that makes it
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable definition for "private" in the given context is:1) confined to particular persons or groups
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	1) advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as two syllables)
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable definition of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms part
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Seeking" in the given sentence is:1) try to get or reach
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that makes it
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "early" in the given context is:1) at or near the beginning of
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is: "to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retirement" in the given context is:1) the state of being retired
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	1) advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as two syllables)
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "redundancy" in the given context is:2) the attribute of being super
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in the given context is:2) involved in or affected by
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Seeking" in the given sentence is:1) try to get or reach
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	1) the act of retaining something
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "early" in the given context is:1) at or near the beginning of
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	1) advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as two syllables)
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retirement" in the given context is:1) the state of being retired
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "redundancy" in the given context is:2) the attribute of being super
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable definition of "gender" in the given sentence is:2) the properties that distinguish organisms on
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "concerned" in the given context is:2) involved in or affected by
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "ethnic" in the given context would be:1) denoting or deriving
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	1) the act of retaining something
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "backgrounds" in the given sentence is:3) information that is essential to understanding
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	1) advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as two syllables)
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a specific
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "relate" in the given sentence is:2) be relevant to
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable definition of "gender" in the given sentence is:2) the properties that distinguish organisms on
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable definition of "age" in this context is:3) a time of life (usually defined
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "ethnic" in the given context would be:1) denoting or deriving
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the given sentence is: "unfair treatment of a person
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "backgrounds" in the given sentence is:3) information that is essential to understanding
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "examined" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a specific
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "considers" in the given sentence is:4) take into accountThis
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "relate" in the given sentence is:2) be relevant to
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable definition of "age" in this context is:3) a time of life (usually defined
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the given sentence is:1) unfair treatment of a
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the given sentence is: "unfair treatment of a person
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "examined" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "enterprises" in the given sentence is:2) an organization created for business vent
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for "considers" in the given sentence is:4) take into accountThis
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "member" in the given sentence is:4) an organization that is
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the given sentence is:1) unfair treatment of a
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "covered" in the given sentence is:6) include in scope; include as
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:1) limited or below average in number
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information (especially
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "enterprises" in the given sentence is:2) an organization created for business vent
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the given sentence is:4) the act of judging
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "member" in the given sentence is:4) an organization that is
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "covered" in the given sentence is:6) include in scope; include as
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in this context is: make plain and comprehensible. This is because the
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information (especially
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Public" in the given sentence is: "not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "Products" in this context is:2) an artifact that has been created
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the given sentence is:4) the act of judging
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:1) the act of usingThis is
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in this context is: make plain and comprehensible. This is because the
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in this context is:1) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "Products" in this context is:2) an artifact that has been created
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "reach" in the given sentence is:5) to gain with effortThis
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:1) the act of usingThis is
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this context is:1) something (as a course
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in this context is:1) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain; have as
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "reach" in the given sentence is:5) to gain with effortThis
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in this context is:1) something (as a course
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a particular kind
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:1) put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "available" in the given sentence is:1) obtainable or accessible and ready
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain; have as
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the given sentence is:1) a homogeneous mixture of
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in this context is:1) the forceful insertion of
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a particular kind
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in the given context is:3) a small flat compressed cake
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "available" in the given sentence is:1) obtainable or accessible and ready
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:2) have as a feature
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "score" in the given sentence is:8) a slight surface cut (especially
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the given sentence is:1) a homogeneous mixture of
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in this context is:1) the forceful insertion of
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the given sentence is:4) a length (straight or
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in the given context is:3) a small flat compressed cake
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "sides" in the given sentence is:7) a line segment forming part of
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:2) have as a feature
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:6) in the way indicated; ;
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "score" in the given sentence is:8) a slight surface cut (especially
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "marked" in the given sentence is:3) having or as if having
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the given sentence is:4) a length (straight or
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:4) a surface forming part of the outside
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "sides" in the given sentence is:7) a line segment forming part of
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letters" in the given sentence is:2) the conventional characters of the
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:6) in the way indicated; ;
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quantity" in the given sentence is:1) how much there is or
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "marked" in the given sentence is:3) having or as if having
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:4) a surface forming part of the outside
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:4) a surface forming part of the outside
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence "What is Cerenia used for?" is:
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letters" in the given sentence is:2) the conventional characters of the
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in the given sentence is:2) have as a logical consequence
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quantity" in the given sentence is:1) how much there is or
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "stops" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-emetic
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:4) a surface forming part of the outside
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence "What is Cerenia used for?" is:
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given context is: "keep from happening or arising;
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in the given sentence is:2) have as a logical consequence
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given sentence is: "give rise to; cause to
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "stops" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-emetic
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given sentence is: (2) something that treats or prevents
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prevent" in the given context is: "keep from happening or arising;
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" among the given options is:1)
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given sentence is: "give rise to; cause to
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cause" in the given sentence is: "give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given sentence is: (2) something that treats or prevents
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measures" in the given sentence is:1) any maneuver made
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" among the given options is:1)
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "special" in this context is:4) adapted to or reserved for a particular purpose
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cause" in the given sentence is: "give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "diet" in the given context is:3) the usual food and drink
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measures" in the given sentence is:1) any maneuver made
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given sentence is:1) the forceful insertion
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "special" in this context is:4) adapted to or reserved for a particular purpose
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given sentence is:1) the forceful insertion
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "diet" in the given context is:3) the usual food and drink
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "followed" in the given sentence is:6) come after in time, as
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given context is: "a small flat compressed cake of some
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:2) what something is used for
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given sentence is:1) the forceful insertion
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given sentence is:1) the forceful insertion
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "followed" in the given sentence is:6) come after in time, as
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "days" in the given sentence is:3) a day assigned to a particular purpose
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given context is: "a small flat compressed cake of some
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "receptor" in the given sentence is: "a cellular structure that is postulated
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:2) what something is used for
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "acts" in the given sentence is:7) have an effect or outcome; often
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Cerenia been studied
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "days" in the given sentence is:3) a day assigned to a particular purpose
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "carried out" in the given context is: 1) put in effect. This definition
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "receptor" in the given sentence is: "a cellular structure that is postulated
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laboratory" in this context is: "a workplace for the conduct of scientific research
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "acts" in the given sentence is:7) have an effect or outcome; often
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Cerenia been studied
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "several" in the given context is:1) (used with count n
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the given sentence is: "something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "carried out" in the given context is: 1) put in effect. This definition
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during the
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laboratory" in this context is: "a workplace for the conduct of scientific research
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence would be:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "several" in the given context is:1) (used with count n
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the given sentence is: "something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during the
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	1) used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence would be:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:3) works well as a means or rem
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "placebo" in the given sentence is:1) an innocuous or inert
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in this context is:1) (comparative of `little
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	1) used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "seen" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out, and
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:3) works well as a means or rem
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "placebo" in the given sentence is:1) an innocuous or inert
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is: (2) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in this context is:1) (comparative of `little
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "seen" in the given sentence is:20) observe, check out, and
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable definition for "placebo" in the given sentence is:1) an innocuous or inert
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is: (2) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Can
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable definition for "placebo" in the given sentence is:1) an innocuous or inert
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given context is:9) begin or set in motion
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given context is:1) the forceful insertion
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "able" in the given context is:3) having inherent physical
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Can
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in the given context is:3) a small flat compressed cake
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given context is:9) begin or set in motion
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intact" in the given context is:1)
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given context is:1) the forceful insertion
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in the given context is:3) a small flat compressed cake
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "able" in the given context is:3) having inherent physical
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "follow-up" in the given sentence is:3) an activity that continues
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in the given context is:3) a small flat compressed cake
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "owner" in the given sentence is:3) a person who owns something
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intact" in the given context is:1)
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "administer" in the given sentence is:4) give or apply
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable definition for "tablet" in the given context is:3) a small flat compressed cake
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed cake
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "follow-up" in the given sentence is:3) an activity that continues
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Can
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "owner" in the given sentence is:3) a person who owns something
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "administer" in the given sentence is:4) give or apply
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is: "without any others being included or involved" (definition
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed cake
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Can
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:1) any maneuver made as part
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is: "without any others being included or involved" (definition
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "addressing" in the given sentence is:5) address or apply oneself to
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "underlying" in the given sentence is:1) in the nature of something
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:1) any maneuver made as part
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "causes" in the given sentence is:4) any entity that produces an
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	1) a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "generally" in the given context is:1) usually; as a rule
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "addressing" in the given sentence is:5) address or apply oneself to
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "well" in the given context is:1) (often used as a combining
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "underlying" in the given sentence is:1) in the nature of something
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "tolerated" in the given context is:3) have a tolerance for a
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "causes" in the given sentence is:4) any entity that produces an
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	1) a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "administered" in this context is: 4) give or apply (medications)
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "generally" in the given context is:1) usually; as a rule
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "daily" in this context is: every day; without missing a day (Option 1
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "well" in the given context is:1) (often used as a combining
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "dosages" in the given context is:1) the quantity of an active
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "tolerated" in the given context is:3) have a tolerance for a
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "doses" in the given sentence is:1) a measured portion of medicine taken
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "administered" in this context is: 4) give or apply (medications)
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "extended" in the given context is:1) relatively long in duration; t
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable definition for "daily" in this context is: every day; without missing a day (Option 1
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duration" in the given sentence is:1) the period of time during which
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "dosages" in the given context is:1) the quantity of an active
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in this context is:1) care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	1) a precautionary measure warding off impending danger or damage or injury etc.
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for "doses" in the given sentence is:1) a measured portion of medicine taken
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the given context is:1) a human beingThis
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for "extended" in the given context is:1) relatively long in duration; t
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "gives" in the given context is:19) give (as medicine)
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duration" in the given sentence is:1) the period of time during which
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) something that treats or
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in this context is:1) care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	1) a precautionary measure warding off impending danger or damage or injury etc.
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contact" in the given sentence is:3) the state or condition of touching
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the given context is:1) a human beingThis
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "represent" in the given sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk for people
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "gives" in the given context is:19) give (as medicine)
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the given sentence is:1) unique or specific to a
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) something that treats or
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "risk" in the given sentence is:1) a source of danger; a
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contact" in the given sentence is:3) the state or condition of touching
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "represent" in the given sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk for people
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the given sentence is:1) unique or specific to a
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "risk" in the given sentence is:1) a source of danger; a
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
