senseval2.d000.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "art" in the following sentence: The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "English" in the following sentence: The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "most" in the following sentence: The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "English" in the following sentence: The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unintelligible" in the following sentence: The art of change-ring
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rest" in the following sentence: The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Tailors" in the following sentence: Dorothy L. Sayers,
senseval2.d000.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scenes" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evoke" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England
senseval2.d000.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rural" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England
senseval2.d000.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "loveliest" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tree" in the following sentence: The tree stood tall and proud, its branches
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stands" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fields" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England,
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sound" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England,
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cascading" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tower" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "calling" in the following sentence: Of all scenes that evoke rural England
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fair" in the following sentence: The fairy tale is a classic example
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stop" in the following sentence: The parishioners of St. Michael and
senseval2.d000.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dance" in the following sentence: The dancers of the ballet
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "school" in the following sentence: The students of St. Mary's School
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "window" in the following sentence: The window is a large, open space that
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "members" in the following sentence: The parishioners of St. Michael and
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "here" in the following sentence: The parishioners of St. Michael and
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "men" in the following sentence: In the tower, five men and women pull
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: In the tower, five men and women
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pull" in the following sentence: In the tower, five men and women pull
senseval2.d000.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated gently on
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s005.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attached" in the following sentence: In the tower, five men and women
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: In the tower, five men and women
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sounded" in the following sentence: In the tower, five men and women
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "here" in the following sentence: In the tower, five men and women pull
senseval2.d000.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: But there is also a discordant,
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "modern" in the following sentence: But there is also a discordant
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "note" in the following sentence: But there is also a discordant,
senseval2.d000.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church-goers" in the following sentence: But there is also a
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enjoying" in the following sentence: But there is also a discord
senseval2.d000.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "peal" in the following sentence: But there is also a discordant
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: But there is also a discordant
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cool" in the following sentence: But there is also a discordant
senseval2.d000.s006.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evening" in the following sentence: But there is also a discordant
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "most" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,0
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,0
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "churches" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6
senseval2.d000.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Britain" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sets" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,0
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s007.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s007.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "band" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,0
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,
senseval2.d000.s007.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "herald" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Sunday" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "morning" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evening" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "service" in the following sentence: Like most of the other 6,0
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: Now, only one local ringer remains :
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Now, only one local ringer remains :
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringer" in the following sentence: Now, only one local ringer remains
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "here" in the following sentence: The others here today live elsewhere.
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "live" in the following sentence: The others here today live elsewhere.
senseval2.d000.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "therefore" in the following sentence: The reason for the delay is because of
senseval2.d000.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "belong to" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "group" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 15
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 1
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "including" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 15
senseval2.d000.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "youngsters" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "training" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 15
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drive" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 15
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Sunday" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 1
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 1
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effort" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 1
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "keep" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 15
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 1
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sounding" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 1
senseval2.d000.s010.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "many" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of 15
senseval2.d000.s010.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "belfries" in the following sentence: They belong to a group of
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "service" in the following sentence: "To ring for even one service at this
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scrape" in the following sentence: "To ring for even one service
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "To ring for even one service at
senseval2.d000.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship was floating on the water
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "worker" in the following sentence: "To ring for even one service at this
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tried" in the following sentence: We've tried to train the young
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "train" in the following sentence: We've tried to train the youngsters
senseval2.d000.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "youngsters" in the following sentence: We've tried to train the
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discos" in the following sentence: We've tried to train the young
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dances" in the following sentence: We've tried to train the young
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "just" in the following sentence: We've tried to train the youngsters
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drift" in the following sentence: We've tried to train the young
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "youth" in the following sentence: Mr. Hammond worries that old
senseval2.d000.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dissolve" in the following sentence: The company's board of
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ranks" in the following sentence: Mr. Hammond worries that old
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "group" in the following sentence: Mr. Hammond worries that old age
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flies" in the following sentence: The wind blew fiercely,
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Mr. Hammond worries that old
senseval2.d000.s013.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "History" in the following sentence: History, after all, is not on his
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nationwide" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "survey" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taken" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a year
senseval2.d000.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nearly" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a
senseval2.d000.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "England" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "no" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a year
senseval2.d000.s015.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rung" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Sundays" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ring" in the following sentence: According to a nationwide survey taken a year
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "easy" in the following sentence: It is easy to see why the ancient
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: It is easy to see why the ancient art
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "art" in the following sentence: It is easy to see why the ancient art
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "less" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes on
senseval2.d000.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "version" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes on
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "playing" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tunes" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes
senseval2.d000.s017.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "continental" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Europe" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes on
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "considered" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing t
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "English" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes on
senseval2.d000.s017.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "childish" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fit" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes on
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing tunes on
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "foreigners" in the following sentence: The less complicated version of playing t
senseval2.d000.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d000.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mind-boggling" in the following sentence: Change-ringing
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "English" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-b
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "invented" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-
senseval2.d000.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "requires" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "physical" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-
senseval2.d000.s018.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dignity" in the following sentence: The new president of the United States
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weigh" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-
senseval2.d000.s018.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-b
senseval2.d000.s018.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s018.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "combined" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intense" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mental" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a mind-
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "concentration" in the following sentence: Change-ringing, a
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "English" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off in
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off
senseval2.d000.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "started" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rounds" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "highest-pitched" in the following sentence: Proper English b
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bell" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off in
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lowest" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "simple" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off in
senseval2.d000.s019.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The water flowed gently over
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scale" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off in
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "using" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off in
senseval2.d000.s019.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "churches" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started
senseval2.d000.s019.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "many" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off in
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Proper English bells are started off
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "signal" in the following sentence: Then, at a signal, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Then, at a signal, the ring
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "varying" in the following sentence: Then, at a signal, the
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Then, at a signal, the ring
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sound" in the following sentence: Then, at a signal, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "steady" in the following sentence: Then, at a signal, the
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rhythm" in the following sentence: Then, at a signal, the ring
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "striking" in the following sentence: Then, at a signal, the
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "variation" in the following sentence: Each variation, or change, can occur
senseval2.d000.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "change" in the following sentence: The rules state that each variation can occur only
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: Each variation, or change, can occur only
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: Each variation, or change, can occur only
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Ringers" in the following sentence: Ringers memorize patterns of changes,
senseval2.d000.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "memorize" in the following sentence: Ringers memorize patterns of changes
senseval2.d000.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patterns" in the following sentence: Ringers memorize patterns of changes,
senseval2.d000.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "known" in the following sentence: Ringers memorize patterns of changes, known
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "methods" in the following sentence: Ringers memorize patterns of changes, known
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "names" in the following sentence: Ringers memorize patterns of changes, known
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "series" in the following sentence: A series of 5,000
senseval2.d000.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "so" in the following sentence: A series of 5,000
senseval2.d000.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "takes" in the following sentence: A series of 5,00
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "about" in the following sentence: A series of 5,000
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "look" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday night practice
senseval2.d000.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Thursday" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "night" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday night practice
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "practice" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday night
senseval2.d000.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "district" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday night
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gives" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday night
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "idea" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday night practice
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday night practice
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence: A look at a Thursday
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ring
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stand" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ringers
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "circle" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ringers
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "foot" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ringers
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ahead" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ring
senseval2.d000.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prize-fighter" in the following sentence: Ten shirt
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stance" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ring
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pulling" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ring
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rope" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ring
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "small" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ringers
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hole" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ringers
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "high" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved ringers
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wall" in the following sentence: The wall is made of brick, and the
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chamber" in the following sentence: Ten shirt-sleeved
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "speaks" in the following sentence: No one speaks, and the sn
senseval2.d000.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "snake" in the following sentence: The snake slithered through the
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rope" in the following sentence: The rope was tight, and the
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seems" in the following sentence: No one speaks, and the sn
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: No one speaks, and the snaking
senseval2.d000.s026.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "much" in the following sentence: No one speaks, and the sn
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sound" in the following sentence: No one speaks, and the snaking
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: No one speaks, and the sn
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wall" in the following sentence: The wall was made of rough, weathered
senseval2.d000.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Totally" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ring
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "absorbed" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ring
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stare" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The water flowed like a river
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ahead" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "using" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers st
senseval2.d000.s027.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "peripheral vision" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed,
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "call" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers st
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watch" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers st
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers st
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rope" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thus" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers st
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pulls" in the following sentence: Totally absorbed, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Far" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry,
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "below" in the following sentence: The sun was setting, casting a golden g
senseval2.d000.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bathroom" in the following sentence: The bathroom is a small room
senseval2.d000.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "huge" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry,
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bronze" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry,
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mounted" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry,
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wheels" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "swing" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry, the
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "madly" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry,
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "degrees" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "starting" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry,
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s028.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "famous" in the following sentence: The famous actor, who has star
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inverted" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "position" in the following sentence: Far above in the belfry, the
senseval2.d000.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrist
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrists
senseval2.d000.s029.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wrists" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their w
senseval2.d000.s029.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advance" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrist
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retard" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrist
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "swing" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrists
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "so" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrists
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bell" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrists
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "places" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrist
senseval2.d000.s029.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "change" in the following sentence: Skilled ringers use their wrists
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "well-known" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective
senseval2.d000.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involving" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective-
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective-
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "English" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective-story
senseval2.d000.s030.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "novelist" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "described" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective-
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "passion" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective-
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "finds" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective-
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "satisfaction" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mathematical" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mechanical" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "perfection" in the following sentence: In a well-known detective-
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Ringers" in the following sentence: Ringers, she added, are "
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "added" in the following sentence: Ringers, she added, are "filled
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "filled" in the following sentence: Ringers, she added, are "filled
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "soul" in the following sentence: The soul of the city is alive and
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "comes" in the following sentence: Ringers, she added, are "filled
senseval2.d000.s031.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intricate" in the following sentence: Ringers, she added, are
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s031.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firmly" in the following sentence: The company's new CEO
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performed" in the following sentence: Ringers, she added, are "
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "become" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of an
senseval2.d000.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bit" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of an ob
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "obsession" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of an
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "admits" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "master" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of an ob
senseval2.d000.s032.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "band" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of an ob
senseval2.d000.s032.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "England" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of an
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "best" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of an ob
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "female" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Ringing does become a bit of an
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was a disaster
senseval2.d000.s033.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "usually" in the following sentence: It is a passion that usually stays in
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stays" in the following sentence: It is a passion that usually stays in
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "however" in the following sentence: It is a passion that usually stays in
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: More often than not, ringers think
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: More often than not, ringers think
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "think of" in the following sentence: More often than not, ringers
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: The church is a place for public worship
senseval2.d000.s034.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stuck on" in the following sentence: More often than not, ringers
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s034.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bathroom" in the following sentence: The bathroom is a small room
senseval2.d000.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sweat" in the following sentence: When their changes are completed, and
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: When their changes are completed, and after
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: When their changes are completed, and after
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dance" in the following sentence: The dance was a celebration of the
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: When their changes are completed, and after they
senseval2.d000.s035.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leaving" in the following sentence: When their changes are completed, and after
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "below" in the following sentence: When their changes are completed, and after they
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "well" in the following sentence: This does not sit well with some clerics
senseval2.d000.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "membership" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England
senseval2.d000.s037.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Church of England" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "steadily" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England
senseval2.d000.s037.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dwindling" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England
senseval2.d000.s037.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pressing" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England stead
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "equally" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England stead
senseval2.d000.s037.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England stead
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England stead
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attend" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England steadily
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "services" in the following sentence: With membership of the Church of England steadily
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jer
senseval2.d000.s038.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "priest" in the following sentence: The Rev. Jeremy Hummer
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "so" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jer
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attend" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "service" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sacked" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev.
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s038.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "band" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jer
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "promptly" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev.
senseval2.d000.s038.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "set up" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev. Jer
senseval2.d000.s038.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "picket line" in the following sentence: Two years ago, the Rev.
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "club" in the following sentence: "They were a self-perpetu
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: "Their music floated on
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tower" in the following sentence: "They were a self-perpet
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sort" in the following sentence: "They were a self-perpetu
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: "Their music is a floating
senseval2.d000.s039.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "They were a self-perpet
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: An entirely new band rings today at Great Tor
senseval2.d000.s040.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "band" in the following sentence: An entirely new band rings today at Great Tor
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "members" in the following sentence: An entirely new band rings today at Great Tor
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congregation" in the following sentence: An entirely new band rings today at
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "still" in the following sentence: But there still are not enough ringers
senseval2.d000.s041.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: But there still are not enough ringers
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ring" in the following sentence: But there still are not enough ringers to
senseval2.d000.s041.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: But there still are not enough ringers to
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: But there still are not enough ringers
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: At St. Mary's Church in
senseval2.d000.s042.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fallen" in the following sentence: At St. Mary's Church in
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "silent" in the following sentence: At St. Mary's Church in
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "following" in the following sentence: At St. Mary's Church in
senseval2.d000.s042.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dust-up" in the following sentence: At St. Mary's
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: At St. Mary's Church in
senseval2.d000.s042.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "priest" in the following sentence: The priest, W.D.
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "refuses" in the following sentence: The vicar, W.D.
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talk about" in the following sentence: The vicar, W.D
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suggest" in the following sentence: The CEO, John Doe
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "priest" in the following sentence: The priest of the church is the
senseval2.d000.s044.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: But C.J.B. Marshall
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feels" in the following sentence: But C.J.B. Marshall
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s044.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "door" in the following sentence: The door was locked, but the key was
senseval2.d000.s044.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s044.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "So" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch, cr
senseval2.d000.s045.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crunch" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s045.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crunch" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s045.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crunch" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s045.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bang" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s045.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bang" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s045.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bang" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "here" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch, cr
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "come" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch, cr
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "above" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch, cr
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "making" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch, cr
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "very" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch, cr
senseval2.d000.s045.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "obvious" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congregation" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prayer" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "So crunch, crunch,
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "admits" in the following sentence: Vicar Marshall admits to mixed
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mixed" in the following sentence: Vicar Marshall admits to mixed feelings
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firm" in the following sentence: The company's new product is expected
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issue" in the following sentence: Vicar Marshall admits to mixed feelings about
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "priest" in the following sentence: The priest was a man of great
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "active" in the following sentence: Vicar Marshall admits to mixed feelings about
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bearer" in the following sentence: The bearer of the letter is
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sound" in the following sentence: "The sound of bells is a net
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: "The sound of bells is a
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "draw" in the following sentence: "The sound of bells is a net
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: "The sound of bells is a
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "The sound of bells is a
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "live" in the following sentence: "I live in hopes that the ringers
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hopes" in the following sentence: "I live in hopes that the
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: "I live in hopes that the ring
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drawn" in the following sentence: "I live in hopes that the ring
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fuller" in the following sentence: "I live in hopes that the ring
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: "I live in hopes that the ringers
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sort" in the following sentence: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers,
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "groups" in the following sentence: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers,
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "aims" in the following sentence: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "improve" in the following sentence: The Central Council of Church Bell Ring
senseval2.d000.s049.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "relations" in the following sentence: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hopes" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "speak" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "students" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "theological" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "colleges" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "joys" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bear" in the following sentence: The bear was a majestic creature,
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shortly" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "publish" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at theological
senseval2.d000.s050.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "booklet" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vicar" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at theological
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "entitled" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Bells" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Care" in the following sentence: It hopes to speak to students at the
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Says" in the following sentence: Says Mr. Baldwin, "
senseval2.d000.s051.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recognize" in the following sentence: Says Mr. Baldwin, "
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "no" in the following sentence: Says Mr. Baldwin, "We
senseval2.d000.s051.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "high" in the following sentence: Says Mr. Baldwin, "We
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "priority" in the following sentence: Says Mr. Baldwin, "
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "church" in the following sentence: Says Mr. Baldwin, "
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: Says Mr. Baldwin, "We
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experience" in the following sentence: Says Mr. Baldwin,
senseval2.d000.s052.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s052.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: Mr. Baldwin is also attacking the
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attacking" in the following sentence: Mr. Baldwin is also attack
senseval2.d000.s052.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: Mr. Baldwin is also attacking the
senseval2.d000.s052.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Mr. Baldwin is also attacking
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "survey" in the following sentence: One survey says that of the 1
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: One survey says that of the 1
senseval2.d000.s053.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trained" in the following sentence: One survey says that of the 1
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bearer" in the following sentence: The bearer of the letter was
senseval2.d000.s053.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "England" in the following sentence: One survey says that of the 1
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: One survey says that of the 10
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "still" in the following sentence: One survey says that of the 1
senseval2.d000.s054.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always live
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "live" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always live where
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bells" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always live
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "need" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always live where
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rung" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always live
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "small" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always live where
senseval2.d000.s054.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rural" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always live
senseval2.d000.s054.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parishes" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always live
senseval2.d000.s054.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inner-city" in the following sentence: Also, ringers do not always
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "council" in the following sentence: But the council's program to
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "program" in the following sentence: But the council's program to attract and
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attract" in the following sentence: But the council's program to attract
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "train" in the following sentence: But the council's program to attract and
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: But the council's program to attract
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: But the council's program to attract and
senseval2.d000.s055.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firmly" in the following sentence: The company's new CEO
senseval2.d000.s055.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "successful" in the following sentence: But the council's program to attract
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: But the council's program to attract
senseval2.d000.s055.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lucky" in the following sentence: "Right now, we're luck
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: "Right now, we're luck
senseval2.d000.s056.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "keep" in the following sentence: "Right now, we're lucky
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: "Right now, we're lucky
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringer" in the following sentence: "Right now, we're luck
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "adds" in the following sentence: "Right now, we're luck
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bright" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sign" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number of
senseval2.d000.s057.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growing" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "number" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number of
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "entered" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "field" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number of
senseval2.d000.s057.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number of
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "third" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number of
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: One bright sign is that a growing number
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "accepted" in the following sentence: They are not accepted everywhere, however.
senseval2.d000.s058.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "everywhere" in the following sentence: They are not accepted everywhere, however.
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "however" in the following sentence: They are not accepted everywhere, however.
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bell-ringing" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "group" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in the
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in the
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "founded" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fact" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in the
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "particularly" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group
senseval2.d000.s059.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "galling" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "group" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in the
senseval2.d000.s059.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "source" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in the
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group in
senseval2.d000.s059.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Britain" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d000.s059.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prestigious" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "churches" in the following sentence: The oldest bell-ringing group
senseval2.d000.s060.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Britain" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "woman" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has file
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "filed" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has file
senseval2.d000.s060.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suit" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has filed
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of 19
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has filed
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "surfaced" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "summer" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has file
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "series" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has filed
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d000.s060.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weekly" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has file
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "newspaper" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringers" in the following sentence: This being Britain, no woman has file
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "writer" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "Red
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "signing" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "letter" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "Red
senseval2.d000.s061.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Red-blooded" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter
senseval2.d000.s061.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "balanced" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "male" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "Red
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "frequency" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "
senseval2.d000.s061.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fainting" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suggested" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as
senseval2.d000.s061.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "settle" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "back" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "Red
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "traditional" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "role" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "Red
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "making" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "Red
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tea" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as "
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "meetings" in the following sentence: One writer, signing his letter as
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "torrent" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "replies" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "followed" in the following sentence:In the torrent of rep
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "woman" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringer" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "observed" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "average" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "male" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that followed
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ringer" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leaves" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quite" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lot" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that followed
senseval2.d000.s062.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "desired" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "badly" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dressed" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies
senseval2.d000.s062.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "decorated" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "acne" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "large" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies that followed
senseval2.d000.s062.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firmly" in the following sentence: The company's new product is
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unwashed" in the following sentence: In the torrent of replies
senseval2.d000.s062.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unbearably" in the following sentence: In the torrent of rep
senseval2.d000.s062.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: Another women wrote from Sheffield to
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wrote" in the following sentence: Another women wrote from Sheffield to
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: Another woman wrote from Sheffield to say
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: Another woman wrote from Sheffield to
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "never" in the following sentence: Another woman wrote from Sheffield to
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "known" in the following sentence: Another women wrote from Sheffield to say
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lady" in the following sentence: Another women wrote from Sheffield to
senseval2.d000.s063.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "faint" in the following sentence: Another woman wrote from Sheffield to
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "belfry" in the following sentence: Another woman wrote from Sheffield
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saw" in the following sentence: I saw the man with the gun.
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "men" in the following sentence: I have seen one or two men die,
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "die" in the following sentence: I have seen one or two men die,
senseval2.d000.s064.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bless" in the following sentence: I have seen one or two men die
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Medical" in the following sentence: Medical scientists are starting to uncover
senseval2.d001.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: Medical scientists are starting to un
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "starting" in the following sentence: Medical scientists are starting to uncover
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Medical scientists are starting to uncover
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unleash" in the following sentence: Medical scientists are starting to un
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chaotic" in the following sentence: Medical scientists are starting to uncover
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: Medical scientists are starting to un
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: Medical scientists are starting to uncover
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Scientists" in the following sentence: Scientists say the discovery of these
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: Scientists say the discovery of these genes
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: Scientists say the discovery of these
senseval2.d001.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Scientists say the discovery of these gen
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recent" in the following sentence: Scientists say the discovery of these gen
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The 2021 World Cup
senseval2.d001.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "painting" in the following sentence: Scientists say the discovery of these
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: Scientists say the discovery of these genes
senseval2.d001.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "develops" in the following sentence: Scientists say the discovery of these gen
senseval2.d001.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "emerging" in the following sentence: An emerging understanding of the genes
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: An emerging understanding of the genes
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "produce" in the following sentence: An emerging understanding of the genes
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "array" in the following sentence: An emerging understanding of the genes is
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: An emerging understanding of the genes is
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "strategies" in the following sentence: An emerging understanding of the gen
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "future" in the following sentence: An emerging understanding of the genes
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The company's new assistant is expected
senseval2.d001.s002.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "future" in the following sentence: That is for the future.
senseval2.d001.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Already" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests
senseval2.d001.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "developing" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests
senseval2.d001.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "identified" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests
senseval2.d001.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests based
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests based
senseval2.d001.s004.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "predict" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests based
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "healthy" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "likely" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests based
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: Already, scientists are developing tests based
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "set" in the following sentence: "It's a super-exc
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discoveries" in the following sentence: "It's a super-
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "It's a super-ex
senseval2.d001.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: "I'm an experienced and reliable
senseval2.d001.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "just" in the following sentence: "It's a super-exc
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: "It's a super-exc
senseval2.d001.s005.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: "It's a super-ex
senseval2.d001.s005.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pivotal" in the following sentence: "It's a super-
senseval2.d001.s005.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The new study, published in the
senseval2.d001.s005.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "colony" in the following sentence: "The colony of 10
senseval2.d001.s005.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Only" in the following sentence: "Only a decade ago cancer was a
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: "The floodwaters rose
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knew" in the following sentence: "Only a decade ago cancer was
senseval2.d001.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "molecular" in the following sentence: "Only a decade ago cancer
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Today" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accum
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accumulation of
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "accumulation" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accum
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accumulation
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "initiate" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accumulation
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accumulation
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "propel" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accumulation
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deadly" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accum
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: Today, we know that the accumulation of
senseval2.d001.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Scientists" in the following sentence: Scientists call the new class of
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "call" in the following sentence: Scientists call the new class of genes
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: Scientists call the new class of genes
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "class" in the following sentence: Scientists call the new class of genes
senseval2.d001.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "simply" in the following sentence: Scientists call the new class of gen
senseval2.d001.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s008.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: When functioning normally, they make proteins
senseval2.d001.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hold" in the following sentence: When functioning normally, they make proteins
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: When functioning normally, they make proteins
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: When functioning normally, they make
senseval2.d001.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chemical" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged
senseval2.d001.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chance" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged
senseval2.d001.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "accident" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged
senseval2.d001.s010.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged --
senseval2.d001.s010.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d001.s010.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proteins" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged
senseval2.d001.s010.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "longer" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged --
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged
senseval2.d001.s010.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turn" in the following sentence: But if the genes are damaged --
senseval2.d001.s010.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: But if the genes are dam
senseval2.d001.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "identified" in the following sentence: The newly identified genes differ from a
senseval2.d001.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: The newly identified genes differ from a
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "differ" in the following sentence: The newly identified genes differ from a
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "family" in the following sentence: The newly identified genes differ from a family
senseval2.d001.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: The newly identified genes differ from a
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovered" in the following sentence: The newly identified genes differ from
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "early" in the following sentence: The newly identified genes differ from a
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The ship was floated on the
senseval2.d001.s011.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "onion" in the following sentence: The onion is a bulbous
senseval2.d001.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "present" in the following sentence: The new software is designed to be present in
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: Oncogenes must be present for a
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "become" in the following sentence: Oncogenes must be present for
senseval2.d001.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: Oncogenes must be present
senseval2.d001.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: Oncogenes must be present for a
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "normal" in the following sentence: Oncogenes must be present for a
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: Oncogenes must be present for
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suggesting" in the following sentence: Oncogenes must be
senseval2.d001.s012.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cause" in the following sentence: "Oncogenes must be present
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recent" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The 2021 World Cup
senseval2.d001.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "come" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come to
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believe" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come
senseval2.d001.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "types" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come to
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come
senseval2.d001.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come to
senseval2.d001.s013.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "in concert" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come
senseval2.d001.s013.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "onion" in the following sentence: The onion is a bulbous
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turn" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come to
senseval2.d001.s013.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proliferating" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come
senseval2.d001.s013.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come to
senseval2.d001.s013.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: In recent months, researchers have come
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the following sentence: Like all genes, tumor
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copies" in the following sentence: Like all genes, tumor-
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parent" in the following sentence: Like all genes, tumor-supp
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins needed to
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins needed to
senseval2.d001.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proteins" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins needed
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "needed" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins needed
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "control" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins needed to
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins needed to
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arise" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins needed
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copies" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins needed
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impaired" in the following sentence: Either copy can make the proteins
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "person" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "born" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "early" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defect
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "especially" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defect
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s016.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "need" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suffer" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defect
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "develop" in the following sentence: A person who is born with one defective
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Emerging" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be able
senseval2.d001.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spot" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be able to
senseval2.d001.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "such" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be able to
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s017.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval2.d001.s017.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believe" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be able
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be able to
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "age" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be able to
senseval2.d001.s017.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "predictive" in the following sentence: Emerging genetic tests will be able
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s017.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: Bill and Bonnie Quinlan are among
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "furniture" in the following sentence: The new furniture will be a
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "couple" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knew" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "even" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple knew
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "before" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple knew
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "became" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pregnant" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass.,
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "child" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple knew
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chance" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple
senseval2.d001.s019.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "risk" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple
senseval2.d001.s019.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the following sentence: The Dedham,
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eye" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "occurs" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "about" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass., couple knew
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "births" in the following sentence: The Dedham, Mass.,
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knew" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan, 3
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "succeed" in the following sentence: The team's victory was a
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan, 3
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "forgot" in the following sentence: The employee forgot to turn off the
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eye" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan, 3
senseval2.d001.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s020.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan,
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan, 30
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "father" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan, 30
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suffered" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan,
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fate" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan, 3
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "baby" in the following sentence: Mr. Quinlan, 3
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the following sentence: Because of the isolation
senseval2.d001.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Because of the isolation of the ret
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The water was so clear that it
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "last" in the following sentence: Because of the isolation of the retin
senseval2.d001.s021.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "January" in the following sentence: Because of the isolation of the
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "find out" in the following sentence: Because of the isolation of the ret
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "baby" in the following sentence: Because of the isolation of the ret
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The new technology allows for the floating
senseval2.d001.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "test" in the following sentence: A test using new " genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "using" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic prob
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "showed" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic prob
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "little" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic prob
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The new 3D printing technology
senseval2.d001.s022.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the following sentence: A test using new "
senseval2.d001.s022.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "supressor gene" in the following sentence: A test using new "gen
senseval2.d001.s022.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "therefore" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic prob
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The new technology, which uses a
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "risk" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic prob
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: A test using new " genetic probes
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "developing" in the following sentence: A test using new "genetic prob
senseval2.d001.s022.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The new technology, which uses a
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: "It made our New Year, says Mr
senseval2.d001.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "It made our New Year, says
senseval2.d001.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "test" in the following sentence: This test was the first to predict reliably
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first" in the following sentence: This test was the first to predict reliably
senseval2.d001.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reliably" in the following sentence: This test was the first to predict
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "develop" in the following sentence: This test was the first to predict reliably
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "important" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery
senseval2.d001.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "controls" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retinal" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doctor" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "name" in the following sentence: The new name for the company, which was
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "opened" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of
senseval2.d001.s025.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "field" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crisis" in the following sentence: The crisis in the healthcare system
senseval2.d001.s025.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recent" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The 2021 World Cup
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exploded" in the following sentence: Equally important, the initial discovery of
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turns out" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studying" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a trag
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tragic" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "uncommon" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a trag
senseval2.d001.s026.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a tragic
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "possible" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a tragic
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "insights" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a trag
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "basic" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a tragic
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a trag
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a trag
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "director" in the following sentence: "It turns out that studying a trag
senseval2.d001.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "obvious" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "public" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to the
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "concerned" in the following sentence: "All this may not be
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advances" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: "I am an assistant to the CE
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "basic" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to the
senseval2.d001.s027.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "begin" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to the
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "showing" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "results" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to the
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "there" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to the
senseval2.d001.s027.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "soon" in the following sentence: "All this may not be obvious to
senseval2.d001.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "To date" in the following sentence: To date, scientists have fingered
senseval2.d001.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: To date, scientists have finger
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: Dr. Dryja made his retin
senseval2.d001.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: Dr. Dryja made his
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "last" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported finding a
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spring" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported finding a
senseval2.d001.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reported" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported finding
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "finding" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported finding
senseval2.d001.s030.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported finding
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The company's stock price has
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impaired" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turns" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported finding
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "healthy" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: Then last spring, researchers reported finding
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Soon" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other research
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other research
senseval2.d001.s031.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teams" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s031.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tissue" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other
senseval2.d001.s031.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lung" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other research
senseval2.d001.s031.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "breast" in the following sentence: Soon after that report, two other
senseval2.d001.s031.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Colon" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers
senseval2.d001.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lung" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers are
senseval2.d001.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "breast" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers
senseval2.d001.s032.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "common" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers are
senseval2.d001.s032.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "forms" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers are
senseval2.d001.s032.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disease" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast can
senseval2.d001.s032.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "collectively" in the following sentence: The United States has the most powerful military
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "killing" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers
senseval2.d001.s032.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "almost" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Americans" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Colon, lung and breast cancers are
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "now" in the following sentence: Right now about a dozen laboratories,
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "about" in the following sentence: The new study, led by researchers at
senseval2.d001.s033.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "laboratories" in the following sentence: Right now about a dozen labor
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence: Right now about a dozen laborator
senseval2.d001.s033.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s033.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Britain" in the following sentence: Right now about a dozen laborator
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled
senseval2.d001.s033.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Right now about a dozen laboratories
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "about" in the following sentence: They have about 7 candidates.
senseval2.d001.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation of tum
senseval2.d001.s035.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation of
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "combination" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appears" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation of
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crucial" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "development" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation of tum
senseval2.d001.s035.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "such" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation of tum
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scourges" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brain" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation of
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "skin" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation of
senseval2.d001.s035.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kidney" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation
senseval2.d001.s035.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prostate" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation of
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cervix" in the following sentence: Researchers say the inactivation
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the following sentence: There is evidence that if people inherit defect
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inherit" in the following sentence: There is evidence that if people inherit defect
senseval2.d001.s036.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s036.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: There is evidence that if people inherit defect
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "especially" in the following sentence: There is evidence that if people inherit defect
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s036.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "explaining" in the following sentence: There is evidence that if people inherit
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "finally" in the following sentence: There is evidence that if people inherit defect
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seem" in the following sentence: There is evidence that if people inherit defect
senseval2.d001.s036.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "haunt" in the following sentence: There is evidence that if people inherit defect
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "story" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-suppressor
senseval2.d001.s037.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-suppress
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "goes back" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-supp
senseval2.d001.s037.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s037.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pediatrician" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "name" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-suppressor
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proposed" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-suppress
senseval2.d001.s037.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the following sentence: The story of tumor
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stemmed" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-supp
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-suppress
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "defects" in the following sentence: The story of tumor-supp
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "theorized" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eye" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the eye
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s038.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "infant" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the eye
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the eye cancer
senseval2.d001.s038.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the eye
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parent" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the eye cancer
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "normal" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the eye cancer
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: He theorized that in the eye cancer
senseval2.d001.s039.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the following sentence: The tumor, he suggested,
senseval2.d001.s039.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suggested" in the following sentence: The tumor, he suggested,
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "developed" in the following sentence: The tumor, he suggested, developed
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "normal" in the following sentence: The tumor, he suggested, developed when
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: The tumor, he suggested, developed when
senseval2.d001.s039.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: The tumor, he suggested, developed when
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: But there was no way to prove Dr.
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prove" in the following sentence: But there was no way to prove Dr
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Back" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no way of
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s041.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no way of
senseval2.d001.s041.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "specific" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no way of
senseval2.d001.s041.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no way
senseval2.d001.s041.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "microscope" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no way of
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pairs" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no way
senseval2.d001.s041.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no way
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s041.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Back then, scientists had no way
senseval2.d001.s042.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gross" in the following sentence: Occasionally, gross chromosome
senseval2.d001.s042.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a great help.
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "visible" in the following sentence: Occasionally, gross chromosome damage
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: Dr. Knudson found that some children
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: Dr. Knudson found that some children
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eye" in the following sentence: Dr. Knudson found that some
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the following sentence: Dr. Knudson found that
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: Dr. Knudson found that some children
senseval2.d001.s043.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s043.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "No." in the following sentence: Dr. Knudson found that some children
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parent" in the following sentence: Dr. Knudson found that some children
senseval2.d001.s043.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disease" in the following sentence: Dr. Knudson found that
senseval2.d001.s044.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actually" in the following sentence: Under a microscope he could actually
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: Under a microscope he could actually see
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bit" in the following sentence: Under a microscope he could actually see
senseval2.d001.s044.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s044.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assumed" in the following sentence: He assumed the missing piece contained a gene
senseval2.d001.s045.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "piece" in the following sentence: He assumed the missing piece contained a gene
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s045.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: He assumed the missing piece contained a gene
senseval2.d001.s045.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "critical" in the following sentence: He assumed the missing piece contained a gene
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "set" in the following sentence: The team set the record for the most consecutive
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: But he did not know which gene or gen
senseval2.d001.s046.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: But he did not know which gene or
senseval2.d001.s046.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientific" in the following sentence: Then, a scientific team led by
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Then, a scientific team led by molecular
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "led" in the following sentence: Then, a scientific team led by molecular
senseval2.d001.s047.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "molecular" in the following sentence: Then, a scientific team led by
senseval2.d001.s047.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "geneticist" in the following sentence: Then, a scientific team led by
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: Then, a scientific team led by molecular
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "answer" in the following sentence: Then, a scientific team led by molecular
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the newly developed
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the newly developed
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "battery" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the
senseval2.d001.s048.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "developed" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the newly
senseval2.d001.s048.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the newly
senseval2.d001.s048.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "snippets" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the newly
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "material" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the newly developed
senseval2.d001.s048.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s048.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the newly
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: The team used a battery of the newly developed
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "analyzing" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tum
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "extracted" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tum
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eye" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tum
senseval2.d001.s049.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumors" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "defects" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors
senseval2.d001.s049.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exact" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tum
senseval2.d001.s049.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors
senseval2.d001.s049.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "forgiveness" in the following sentence: The forgiveness of sins.
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: The finding riveted medicine.
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first" in the following sentence: It was the first time anyone had shown that
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: It was the first time anyone had shown that
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "showed" in the following sentence: It was the first time anyone had shown
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s051.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: It was the first time anyone had shown
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lead" in the following sentence: It was the first time anyone had shown
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s052.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "satisfying" in the following sentence: "It was extraordinarily satisfying
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "It was extraordinarily satisfying,
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "true" in the following sentence: "I was convinced that what was true of
senseval2.d001.s053.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the following sentence: "I was convinced that
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "true" in the following sentence: "I was convinced that what was true of
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "audacious" in the following sentence: It was an audacious claim
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claim" in the following sentence: It was an audacious claim.
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "young" in the following sentence: But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogel
senseval2.d001.s055.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "molecular" in the following sentence: But in Baltimore, Dr. Vog
senseval2.d001.s055.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "biologist" in the following sentence: But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogel
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believed" in the following sentence: But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogel
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "set out" in the following sentence: But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogel
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "repeated" in the following sentence: The study, led by Dr.
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experiment" in the following sentence: But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogel
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogel
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogelstein
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s056.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: The study aimed to investigate the correlation
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teams" in the following sentence: His was one of two research teams in
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: The report was submitted to the government by the
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dual" in the following sentence: His was one of two research teams in
senseval2.d001.s056.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s056.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "childhood" in the following sentence: His was one of two research teams in
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s056.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kidney" in the following sentence: His was one of two research teams
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval2.d001.s056.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the following sentence: His was one of two research teams
senseval2.d001.s057.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attention" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein next turned his
senseval2.d001.s057.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "colony" in the following sentence: The United States has a large number of
senseval2.d001.s057.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "biggest" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein next turned his
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "killer" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein next turned his
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein next turned
senseval2.d001.s057.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lung" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein next turned his attention
senseval2.d001.s057.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believed" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from
senseval2.d001.s058.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "colony" in the following sentence: The company's new product line is
senseval2.d001.s058.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from
senseval2.d001.s058.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arise" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from
senseval2.d001.s058.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from
senseval2.d001.s058.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seems" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "develop" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stages" in the following sentence: He believed colon cancer might also arise from
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "preceded" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "development" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development of
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bowel" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cases" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development of
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "become" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increasingly" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by
senseval2.d001.s059.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the
senseval2.d001.s059.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "identifiable" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stages" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "progressing" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "less" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development of
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "severe" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deadly" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the development
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "occurring" in the following sentence: It often is preceded by the
senseval2.d001.s060.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doctoral" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein and a
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The company's new product, which
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The 2021 World Cup
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein and a doctor
senseval2.d001.s060.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "furnish" in the following sentence: The new furniture was a gift
senseval2.d001.s060.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "probing" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein and a doctor
senseval2.d001.s060.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "searching" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein and a doctor
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "signs" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein and a doctor
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein and a doctor
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a young woman with a
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "confusing" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "variety" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "existing" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety of
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety
senseval2.d001.s061.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety
senseval2.d001.s061.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "many" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety of
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety
senseval2.d001.s061.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: They began uncovering a confusing variety
senseval2.d001.s062.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "coherent" in the following sentence: Gradually, a coherent
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "picture" in the following sentence: Gradually, a coherent picture of
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "development" in the following sentence: Gradually, a coherent picture of
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copies" in the following sentence: If both copies of a certain gene were
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "certain" in the following sentence: If both copies of a certain gene were knock
senseval2.d001.s063.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: If both copies of a certain gene were
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knocked out" in the following sentence: If both copies of a
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the following sentence: If both copies of a certain gene were
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "develop" in the following sentence: If both copies of a certain gene were knock
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copies" in the following sentence: If both copies of a second gene were
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "second" in the following sentence: If both copies of a second gene were then
senseval2.d001.s064.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: If both copies of a second gene were
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deleted" in the following sentence: If both copies of a second gene were
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "polyps" in the following sentence: If both copies of a second gene were
senseval2.d001.s064.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "progress" in the following sentence: If both copies of a second gene were then
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignancy" in the following sentence: If both copies of a second gene
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s065.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s065.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: It was clear that more than one gene
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s065.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s065.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "develop" in the following sentence: It was clear that more than one gene had
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: Their report galvanized other molecular bi
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s066.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "molecular" in the following sentence: Their report galvanized other mole
senseval2.d001.s066.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "biologists" in the following sentence: Their report galvanized other mole
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "confirming" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence we
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence we
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "needed" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence we
senseval2.d001.s067.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence we
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "critical" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence we
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "development" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence we all
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "common" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence we all
senseval2.d001.s067.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: "It was the confirming evidence we
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "yet" in the following sentence: But Dr. Vogelstein had yet
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "identity" in the following sentence: But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to
senseval2.d001.s068.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: But Dr. Vogelstein had yet
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flip" in the following sentence: But Dr. Vogelstein had yet
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "full-blown" in the following sentence: But Dr. Vogel
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignancy" in the following sentence: But Dr. Vogelstein had
senseval2.d001.s069.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "focused on" in the following sentence: They focused on chromosome
senseval2.d001.s069.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The 2021 World Cup
senseval2.d001.s070.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "using" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins researchers
senseval2.d001.s070.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins research
senseval2.d001.s070.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experimentally" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "up" in the following sentence: The new study, led by researchers at
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "length" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins researchers
senseval2.d001.s070.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "common" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins researchers
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bit" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins researchers
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins research
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "material" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins researchers
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval2.d001.s070.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: For months the Johns Hopkins research
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "piece" in the following sentence: Such a piece of DNA would probably const
senseval2.d001.s071.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "DNA" in the following sentence: Such a piece of DNA would probably const
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "probably" in the following sentence: Such a piece of DNA would probably const
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constitute" in the following sentence: Such a piece of DNA would probably const
senseval2.d001.s071.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Such a piece of DNA would probably const
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: When they found it last winter, Dr.
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "last" in the following sentence: When they found it last winter, Dr.
senseval2.d001.s072.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "winter" in the following sentence: When they found it last winter, Dr
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dubious" in the following sentence: When they found it last winter,
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "search" in the following sentence: When they found it last winter, Dr.
senseval2.d001.s072.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doubts" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stemmed" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fact" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact that
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "several" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "earlier" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact
senseval2.d001.s073.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a young woman who had
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact that
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experiments" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mice" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact
senseval2.d001.s073.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The ship was launched from the dock
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "transform" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact that
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "normal" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact that
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: His doubts stemmed from the fact
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exactly" in the following sentence: The deletion Dr. Vogelstein
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spot" in the following sentence: The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: But Mr. Levine had said the
senseval2.d001.s075.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: But Mr. Levine had said the
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "promoting" in the following sentence: But Mr. Levine had said the
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: But Mr. Levine had said
senseval2.d001.s075.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: But Mr. Levine had said
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s075.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: But Mr. Levine had said the
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: But Mr. Levine had said
senseval2.d001.s076.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "compared" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "human" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins
senseval2.d001.s076.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "identical" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turned out" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studies" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "observing" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "damaged" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "form" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hopkins
senseval2.d001.s076.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Despite that, when the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: The discovery "suddenly
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suddenly" in the following sentence: The discovery "sudden
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "puts" in the following sentence: The discovery " suddenly puts an obscure
senseval2.d001.s077.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "obscure" in the following sentence: The discovery " suddenly puts an obsc
senseval2.d001.s077.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: The discovery " suddenly puts an obscure
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "form" in the following sentence: The new study "formally" demonstrates
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: The discovery " suddenly puts an obscure
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leader" in the following sentence: The discovery " suddenly puts an obscure
senseval2.d001.s077.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: The discovery `` suddenly puts an obscure
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Evidence" in the following sentence: Evidence now is emerging that
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "now" in the following sentence: Evidence now is emerging that the p
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "emerging" in the following sentence: Evidence now is emerging that the
senseval2.d001.s078.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence: Evidence now is emerging that
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "too" in the following sentence: Evidence now is emerging that the
senseval2.d001.s079.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland, have found
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "breast" in the following sentence: Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland, have
senseval2.d001.s079.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumors" in the following sentence: Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland,
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copy" in the following sentence: Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland, have found
senseval2.d001.s079.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s079.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spot" in the following sentence: Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland, have found
senseval2.d001.s079.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Researchers in Edinburgh, Scotland, have
senseval2.d001.s080.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast cancer often
senseval2.d001.s080.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "breast" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast cancer
senseval2.d001.s080.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast cancer
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "strikes" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast
senseval2.d001.s080.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "members" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast cancer often
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s080.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast cancer
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inherited" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "form" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast cancer often
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: The scientists say that since breast cancer
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s081.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: The p53 gene has just been
senseval2.d001.s081.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "just" in the following sentence: The p53 gene has just been imp
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "implicated" in the following sentence: The p53 gene has just been
senseval2.d001.s081.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lung" in the following sentence: The p53 gene has just been imp
senseval2.d001.s081.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John Min
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "last" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John Min
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "week" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John Min
senseval2.d001.s082.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "colleagues" in the following sentence: In a report out last week,
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John Min
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "about" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John Min
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taken" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John
senseval2.d001.s082.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lung" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John Min
senseval2.d001.s082.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tissue" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tested" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The new study, led by research
senseval2.d001.s082.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: In a report out last week, John
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reports" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several labs
senseval2.d001.s083.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "labs" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several labs
senseval2.d001.s083.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "as" in the following sentence: The new study, led by researchers at
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "yet" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several labs
senseval2.d001.s083.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unpublished" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several l
senseval2.d001.s083.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s083.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several labs
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tissue" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several labs
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taken" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several labs
senseval2.d001.s083.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kidney" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several l
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brain" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several labs
senseval2.d001.s083.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "skin" in the following sentence: There also are reports from several labs
senseval2.d001.s083.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "in the meantime" in the following sentence: In the meantime, the
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: At the same time, the Johns Hop
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rushing" in the following sentence: At the same time, the Johns
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s084.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: At the same time, the Johns
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hopes" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein hopes soon
senseval2.d001.s085.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s085.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s085.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein hopes soon to isol
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence: Dr. Vogelstein hopes soon
senseval2.d001.s085.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "colony" in the following sentence: The new colony is expected to be
senseval2.d001.s085.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s086.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researcher" in the following sentence: Ray White in Utah and Walter
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "close" in the following sentence: Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "finding" in the following sentence: Ray White in Utah and Walter Bod
senseval2.d001.s086.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Ray White in Utah and Walter Bod
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence: Ray White in Utah and Walter
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "types" in the following sentence: Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer
senseval2.d001.s086.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "colony" in the following sentence: The new colony of bees is
senseval2.d001.s086.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: Ray White in Utah and Walter Bod
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the following sentence: Ray White in Utah and Walter Bod
senseval2.d001.s086.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believes" in the following sentence: Dr. Minna believes that people
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inherit" in the following sentence: Dr. Minna believes people who
senseval2.d001.s087.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s087.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Dr. Minna believes people who
senseval2.d001.s087.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "somewhere" in the following sentence: Dr. Minna believes people who
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "copies" in the following sentence: Dr. Minna believes people who
senseval2.d001.s087.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s087.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lung" in the following sentence: Dr. Minna believes people who inherit
senseval2.d001.s087.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s088.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reported" in the following sentence: Recently, he and others reported that
senseval2.d001.s088.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retinoblastoma" in the following sentence: Recently, he and
senseval2.d001.s088.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s088.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: Recently, he and others reported that the
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence: Recently, he and others reported
senseval2.d001.s088.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lung" in the following sentence: Recently, he and others reported that the
senseval2.d001.s088.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Recently, he and others reported that the
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: Recently, he and others reported that the
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "common" in the following sentence: Recently, he and others reported that the
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s089.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lead" in the following sentence: Where these discoveries will lead, scient
senseval2.d001.s089.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scientists" in the following sentence: Where these discoveries will lead,
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: Where these discoveries will lead, scientists
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d001.s090.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Already" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmaceut
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "major" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmaceutical
senseval2.d001.s090.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pharmaceutical" in the following sentence: Already two major ph
senseval2.d001.s090.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmace
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unit" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmaceutical
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "collaborating" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmace
senseval2.d001.s090.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gene" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmaceut
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hunters" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmace
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turn" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmaceutical
senseval2.d001.s090.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The 2021 World
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discoveries" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmace
senseval2.d001.s090.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "predictive" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmaceut
senseval2.d001.s090.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tests" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmaceutical
senseval2.d001.s090.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: Already two major pharmaceutical
senseval2.d001.s090.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s091.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer dru
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer drugs to
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer drugs to
senseval2.d001.s091.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d001.s091.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drug" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer drugs
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reverse" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer drugs to
senseval2.d001.s091.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tumor" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer dru
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer dru
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s091.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proteins" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer drugs
senseval2.d001.s091.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "produced" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer drugs
senseval2.d001.s091.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: Some researchers say new cancer drugs
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "idea" in the following sentence: The idea would be to administer to patients
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "administer" in the following sentence: The idea would be to administer to
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: The idea would be to administer to
senseval2.d001.s092.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proteins" in the following sentence: The idea would be to administer to
senseval2.d001.s092.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: The idea would be to administer to patients
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "healthy" in the following sentence: The idea would be to administer
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "versions" in the following sentence: The idea would be to administer to patients
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s092.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: The idea would be to administer to
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "replace" in the following sentence: It may even be possible to replace defective
senseval2.d001.s093.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s093.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genes" in the following sentence: It may even be possible to replace defect
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "healthy" in the following sentence: It may even be possible to replace
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s094.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "In any case" in the following sentence: In any case, says Dr.
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: In any case, says Dr. Min
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: In any case, says Dr.
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "important" in the following sentence: In any case, says Dr. Minna
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genesis" in the following sentence: In any case, says Dr. Min
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teach" in the following sentence: Why can't we teach our children
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "read" in the following sentence: Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "write" in the following sentence: Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was so severe that
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: It's not that we do not know
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: It's that we do not want
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reason" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to is
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effective" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "require" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to is
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "relinquish" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not
senseval2.d002.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "metaphysical" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "beliefs" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want
senseval2.d002.s003.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "human" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to is
senseval2.d002.s003.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nature" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to
senseval2.d002.s003.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "human" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to is
senseval2.d002.s003.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nature" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "young" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s003.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "in particular" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval2.d002.s003.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interests" in the following sentence: And the reason we do not want to
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "so" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dominate" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our educational
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "establishment" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "politicians" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our educational
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "even" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parents" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our educational
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seems" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our educational
senseval2.d002.s004.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "almost" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our educational
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the following sentence: These beliefs so dominate our educational
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Here" in the following sentence: Here is an example.Answer:
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "example" in the following sentence: Here is an example.Answer:
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ask" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample of American
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sample" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample of American
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "American" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample of American
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parents" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample of
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wish" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample of
senseval2.d002.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "elementary schools" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "encourage" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample
senseval2.d002.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample of American
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "answer" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample of American
senseval2.d002.s006.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "of course" in the following sentence: If I were to ask a sample of
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "specifically" in the following sentence: But what do we mean, specifically,
senseval2.d002.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "creativity" in the following sentence: But what do we mean, specifically,
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: No one can say.Choose
senseval2.d002.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "equated" in the following sentence: In practice, it ends up being equ
senseval2.d002.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "self-expression" in the following sentence: In practice, it ends up being
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "encourages" in the following sentence: In practice, it ends up being
senseval2.d002.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "youngsters" in the following sentence: In practice, it ends up being
senseval2.d002.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "self-expression" in the following sentence: In practice, it ends up being
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "result" in the following sentence: The result is a generation of young people whose
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "generation" in the following sentence: The result is a generation of young people
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "young" in the following sentence: The result is a generation of young people
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intellectual" in the following sentence: The result is a generation of
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "incompetence" in the following sentence: The result is a generation of
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "matched" in the following sentence: The result is a generation of young people
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: The result is a generation of young people whose
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "good" in the following sentence: The result is a generation of young people whose
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a person who helps the
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "whole" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "notion" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "romantic" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rebellion" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disciplined" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "instruction" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "regarded as" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "authoritarian" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "repression" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "frustration" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "latent" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talents" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wonderful" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "as" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity" in
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "yet" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s011.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unexpected" in the following sentence: The unexpected turn of events that led to
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "potentialities" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inherent" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "souls" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: The whole notion of "creativity" in
senseval2.d002.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated gracefully on
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parents" in the following sentence: It is not surprising that parents find this
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "find" in the following sentence: It is not surprising that parents find this rom
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "romantic" in the following sentence: It is not surprising that parents find this
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "so" in the following sentence: It is not surprising that parents find this rom
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attractive" in the following sentence: It is not surprising that parents find
senseval2.d002.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Fortunately" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parents" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do want
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do want
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "decent" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents
senseval2.d002.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "as" in the following sentence: The company's new product is as innov
senseval2.d002.s013.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "traditionally" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do
senseval2.d002.s013.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "understood" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do
senseval2.d002.s013.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enough" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do
senseval2.d002.s013.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: Fortunately, these same parents do want
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "commitment" in the following sentence: Their commitment to "creativity"
senseval2.d002.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "survive" in the following sentence: Their commitment to "creativity
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "adolescent" in the following sentence: Their commitment to "creativity
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "illiteracy" in the following sentence: Their commitment to "creativity
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "American" in the following sentence: American education's future will be determined by
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: American education's future will be
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "future" in the following sentence: American education "s future will be determined
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "determined" in the following sentence: American education's future will be
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I am an assistant professor in the Department
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I am an assistant professor in the Department
senseval2.d002.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "illusions" in the following sentence: American education's future will be
senseval2.d002.s015.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: American education's future will be determined by
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "share" in the following sentence: American education's future will be determined by
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: The education establishment will fight against common
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "establishment" in the following sentence: The education establishment will fight against
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fight" in the following sentence: The education establishment will fight against common sense
senseval2.d002.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "every inch" in the following sentence: The education establishment will fight against common
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reasons" in the following sentence: The reasons are complex, but one simple
senseval2.d002.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "simple" in the following sentence: The reasons are complex, but one simple reason
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Progressive" in the following sentence: "Progressive education" (as it
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: "Progressive education" (as
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "called" in the following sentence: "Progressive education (as it was once
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interesting" in the following sentence: "Progressive education" (as
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: "Progressive education" (as
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disciplined" in the following sentence: "Progressive education" (as
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "instruction" in the following sentence: "Progressive education" (as it
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "think" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think they
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "personality" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think they
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "development" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think they are
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "even" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think they are
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minimize" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think
senseval2.d002.s019.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "irksome" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "test" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think they are
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think they
senseval2.d002.s019.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disappointing" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "results" in the following sentence: It is nice for teachers to think they are
senseval2.d002.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior self-
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "provides" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior self
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "profession" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior self
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "passed" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior self
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courses" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior self
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior
senseval2.d002.s020.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "psychology" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a superior
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "philosophy" in the following sentence: It also provides teachers with a
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "took" in the following sentence: I myself took such courses in college,
senseval2.d002.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courses" in the following sentence: I myself took such courses in college,
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I am an assistant in the marketing
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thinking" in the following sentence: I myself took such courses in college,
senseval2.d002.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s021.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "schoolteacher" in the following sentence: I myself took such courses in college
senseval2.d002.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fairly" in the following sentence: They could all fairly be described as
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "described" in the following sentence: They could all fairly be described as "
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pap" in the following sentence: They could all fairly be described as "
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courses" in the following sentence: They could all fairly be described as "
senseval2.d002.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unfair" in the following sentence: But it is unfair to dump
senseval2.d002.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "draft" in the following sentence: The draft is a crucial step in
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: But it is unfair to dump
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "distinct" in the following sentence: But it is unfair to dump on
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: But it is unfair to dump
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "establishment" in the following sentence: But it is unfair to
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: I know many schoolteachers and,
senseval2.d002.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "many" in the following sentence: I know many schoolteachers and,
senseval2.d002.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "schoolteachers" in the following sentence: I know many schoolteach
senseval2.d002.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "on the whole" in the following sentence: I know many schoolteachers
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conscientious" in the following sentence: I know many schoolteachers
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teaching" in the following sentence: I know many schoolteachers and
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "best" in the following sentence: They may not be among the "best and
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brightest" in the following sentence: They may not be among the "
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "generation" in the following sentence: They may not be among the "best
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "very" in the following sentence: They may not be among the "best and
senseval2.d002.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jobs" in the following sentence: But they need not be to do their
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "well" in the following sentence: But they need not be to do their jobs
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "remember" in the following sentence: Yes, we all can remember one or
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "truly" in the following sentence: Yes, we all can remember one or
senseval2.d002.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: Yes, we all can remember one
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: But our education proceeded at the hands
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proceeded" in the following sentence: But our education proceeded at the hands
senseval2.d002.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "competent" in the following sentence: But our education proceeded at the hands
senseval2.d002.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conscientious" in the following sentence: But our education proceeded at the hands
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sense" in the following sentence: In this sense, a teacher can be
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant's role is to assist
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "compared" in the following sentence: In this sense, a teacher can be
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "one" in the following sentence: In this sense, a teacher can be compared
senseval2.d002.s029.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "family doctor" in the following sentence: In this sense, a teacher can be
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brilliant" in the following sentence: If he were brilliant, he probably would
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "probably" in the following sentence: If he were brilliant, he probably would
senseval2.d002.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "family doctor" in the following sentence: If he were brilliant, he probably would
senseval2.d002.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "in the first place" in the following sentence: If he were brilliant, he
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "competent" in the following sentence: If he is competent and cons
senseval2.d002.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conscientious" in the following sentence: If he is competent and cons
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "succeed" in the following sentence: He succeeded in his mission to save
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "well" in the following sentence: If he is competent and conscientious
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: Our teachers are not an important factor
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "important" in the following sentence: Our teachers are not an important factor in our
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: Our teachers are not an important factor
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crisis" in the following sentence: Our teachers are not an important factor
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: Whether they are or are not underpaid
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "equity" in the following sentence: Whether they are or are not underpa
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: Whether they are or are not under
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: Whether they are or are not underpaid
senseval2.d002.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "silly" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers
senseval2.d002.s034.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "libel" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "think" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educate" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers to
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "better" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers
senseval2.d002.s034.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers to
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers to
senseval2.d002.s034.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "few" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers to
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: It is silly libel on our teachers to
senseval2.d002.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: It is the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unions" in the following sentence: It is the kind of libel the
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mind" in the following sentence: It is the kind of libel the teachers
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spreading" in the following sentence: It is the kind of libel the
senseval2.d002.s035.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "narrow" in the following sentence: It is the kind of libel the
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel polit
senseval2.d002.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kind" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel polit
senseval2.d002.s036.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "libel" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "politicians" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "find" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel polit
senseval2.d002.s036.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "useful" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "helps" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "strike" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "friendly" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "posture" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "behalf" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "important" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of libel polit
senseval2.d002.s036.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constituency" in the following sentence: It is also the kind of lib
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shred" in the following sentence: But there is not one shred of
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the following sentence: But there is not one shred of
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: But there is not one shred of evidence
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "things" in the following sentence: But there is not one shred of
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s037.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "differentials" in the following sentence: But there is not one shred
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "result" in the following sentence: But there is not one shred of evidence
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: But there is not one shred
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "differentials" in the following sentence: But there is not one shred
senseval2.d002.s038.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the following sentence: If there were such evidence, you can
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sure" in the following sentence: If there were such evidence, you can
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wish" in the following sentence: If we wish to be serious about American
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "serious" in the following sentence: If we wish to be serious about American
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "American" in the following sentence: If we wish to be serious about American education
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: If we wish to be serious about
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: If we wish to be serious about American education
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exactly" in the following sentence: If we wish to be serious about American
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "just" in the following sentence: If we wish to be serious about American education
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "important" in the following sentence: If we wish to be serious about American education
senseval2.d002.s040.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "many" in the following sentence: There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation
senseval2.d002.s040.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "successful" in the following sentence: There are many successful schools scattered throughout this
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "schools" in the following sentence: There are many successful schools scattered throughout this
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s040.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nation" in the following sentence: There are many successful schools scattered throughout this
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "poorest" in the following sentence: There are many successful schools scattered throughout
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s041.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Furthermore" in the following sentence: Furthermore, the company has been
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "majority" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the majority
senseval2.d002.s041.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unsuccessful" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "schools" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the majority
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the majority of
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "efforts" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reform" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the majority
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doomed" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the majority
senseval2.d002.s041.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "beforehand" in the following sentence: Conversely, there are the majority
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: We really do know all we need to know
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: We really do know all we need to know
senseval2.d002.s042.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: We really do know all we need to know
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assimilate" in the following sentence: We really do know all we
senseval2.d002.s042.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "respect" in the following sentence: In this respect, it would be helpful
senseval2.d002.s043.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s043.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "political" in the following sentence: In this respect, it would be helpful
senseval2.d002.s043.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leaders" in the following sentence: In this respect, it would be helpful
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mute" in the following sentence: In this respect, it would be helpful
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rather" in the following sentence: In this respect, it would be helpful
senseval2.d002.s043.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "concerned" in the following sentence: In this respect, it would
senseval2.d002.s044.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increase" in the following sentence: The increase in sales was a significant
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inclined" in the following sentence: They are inevitably incl
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "echo" in the following sentence: They are inevitably inclined to
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conventional" in the following sentence: They are inevitably incl
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pap" in the following sentence: They are inevitably inclined
senseval2.d002.s044.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "least" in the following sentence: They are inevitably inclined
senseval2.d002.s044.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s044.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "open" in the following sentence: They are inevitably inclined to
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Thus" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors'conference
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recent" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors' conference
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "governors" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors '
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conference" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors' conference
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors'
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "announced" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors' conference
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors' conference on
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "needs" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors' conference
senseval2.d002.s045.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "comprehensive" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors' conference on
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: Thus at the recent governors' conference on
senseval2.d002.s046.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "comprehensive" in the following sentence: A comprehensive development policy for
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "development" in the following sentence: A comprehensive development policy for governors over
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: A comprehensive development policy for governors over
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "governors" in the following sentence: A comprehensive development policy for govern
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of emotions that
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s046.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's sails were
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "need" in the following sentence: A comprehensive development policy for governors over
senseval2.d002.s047.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advocate" in the following sentence: The company's CEO,
senseval2.d002.s047.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "in effect" in the following sentence: What Gov. Clinton is advoc
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship was floating on the water
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: What Gov. Clinton is
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "system" in the following sentence: What Gov. Clinton is advocating
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "desirable" in the following sentence: Whether desirable or not, this is
senseval2.d002.s048.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "child-care" in the following sentence: Whether desirable or not, this
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "program" in the following sentence: Whether desirable or not, this is a
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: Whether desirable or not, this
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "program" in the following sentence: Whether desirable or not, this is a
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to school
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "very" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to school
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "early" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exposure" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "schooling" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "improves" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performance" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to school
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s049.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "afterward" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "difference" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quickly" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to
senseval2.d002.s049.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "washed" in the following sentence: We know that very early exposure to
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "outside" in the following sentence: The sun was shining outside, and
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sum up" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do know
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reforms" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do know
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do know about
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do know about
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Parental" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do know
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involvement" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "idea" in the following sentence: Let us sum up what we do know about
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Parents" in the following sentence: Parents are too likely to blame
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "too" in the following sentence: Parents are too likely to blame
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "blame" in the following sentence: Parents are too likely to blame
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "schools" in the following sentence: Parents are too likely to blame
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: Parents are too likely to bl
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: Parents are too likely to blame schools
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Parents" in the following sentence: Parents should be involved with their children
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence: Parents should be involved with their
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: Parents should be involved with their children '
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: Parents should be involved with their
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "home" in the following sentence: Parents should be involved with their children '
senseval2.d002.s052.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "school" in the following sentence: Parents should be involved with their children '
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their kids
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kids" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their k
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "play" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their kids
senseval2.d002.s053.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "truant" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their
senseval2.d002.s053.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their kids
senseval2.d002.s053.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their kids
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spend" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their k
senseval2.d002.s053.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enough" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their k
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their kids
senseval2.d002.s053.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "homework" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their k
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d002.s053.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report card" in the following sentence: They should see to it that their k
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parents" in the following sentence: If parents are dissatisfied with a
senseval2.d002.s054.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "school" in the following sentence: If parents are dissatisfied with a school
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "option" in the following sentence: If parents are dissatisfied with a school
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flog" in the following sentence: They flogged the guilty party with
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Community" in the following sentence: -- `` Community involvement `` is an
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involvement" in the following sentence: -- `` Community involvement `` is
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "idea" in the following sentence: -- `` Community involvement `` is an even
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Here" in the following sentence: Here, the experience of New York City is
senseval2.d002.s056.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experience" in the following sentence: Here, the experience of New York
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Locally" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially
senseval2.d002.s057.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "elected" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially
senseval2.d002.s057.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "school boards" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards,
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "especially" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially
senseval2.d002.s057.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "larger" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cities" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "become" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ambitious" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards,
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval2.d002.s057.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "invariably" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards,
senseval2.d002.s057.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially in
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "politicians" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially
senseval2.d002.s057.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "would-be" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "politicians" in the following sentence: Locally elected school boards, especially
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "process" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of trying to
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trying" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of trying
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "system" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of trying to
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "school" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of trying to
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "governance" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "even" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of trying to
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of trying to
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cities" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of trying
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "institute" in the following sentence: New York is in the process of trying
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "most" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing expendit
senseval2.d002.s059.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increasing" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing exp
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "expenditures" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing exp
senseval2.d002.s059.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "current" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing expendit
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "circumstances" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "probably" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing expend
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing expendit
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "things" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing expend
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "worse" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing expend
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "better" in the following sentence: -- In most states, increasing expend
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reason" in the following sentence: The reason is simple : Education takes place in
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "simple" in the following sentence: The reason is simple : Education takes place in
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Education" in the following sentence: The reason is simple : Education takes place
senseval2.d002.s060.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "takes place" in the following sentence: The reason is simple : Education takes
senseval2.d002.s060.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a professional who helps the
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "influence" in the following sentence: The reason is simple : Education takes
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "money" in the following sentence: The reason is simple : Education takes place
senseval2.d002.s060.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minimal" in the following sentence: The reason is simple : Education takes place
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us
senseval2.d002.s061.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us une
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tell" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us une
senseval2.d002.s061.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unambiguous" in the following sentence: The new software is unambiguously
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "even" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us unequ
senseval2.d002.s061.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smaller" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us une
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effect" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us unequ
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "academic" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performance" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us une
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pupils" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us
senseval2.d002.s061.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sometimes" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us une
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "desirable" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us une
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us unequ
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reasons" in the following sentence: Decades of educational research tell us une
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already top-
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "money" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already top
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flows" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already top
senseval2.d002.s062.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s062.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s062.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "administrative" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already
senseval2.d002.s062.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "piling" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already top
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already top-
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already top-
senseval2.d002.s062.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "paper work" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already top
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teachers" in the following sentence: The new money flows into the already
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mystery" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor parado
senseval2.d002.s063.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "paradox" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor parado
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fact" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox in
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor parado
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "expenditures" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor par
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "real" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox in
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increased" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor parado
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firmly" in the following sentence: The company's new CEO
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "now" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox in
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spend" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox in
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pupil" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor parado
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox in
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox in
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor parado
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performance" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "declined" in the following sentence: There is neither mystery nor paradox
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s064.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "works" in the following sentence: That is the way the system works.
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Students" in the following sentence: -- Students should move up the
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: -- Students should move up the
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "academic" in the following sentence: -- Students should move up the
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "potential" in the following sentence: -- Students should move up the educational
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "allows" in the following sentence: -- Students should move up the educational
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s066.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "elementary school" in the following sentence: No student should be permitted to be
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mastered" in the following sentence: No student should be permitted to be graduated
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prevailed" in the following sentence: No student should be permitted to be
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: No student should be permitted to be graduated
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "means" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "main" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main purpose
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "purpose" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main
senseval2.d002.s067.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "less" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main purpose
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "permit" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main
senseval2.d002.s067.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gifted" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose
senseval2.d002.s067.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "youngsters" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flourish" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "clearly" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "desirable" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "less" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main purpose
senseval2.d002.s067.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gifted" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main purpose
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "necessary" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: This means "tracking, " whose
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "entering" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main
senseval2.d002.s067.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "modern" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main purpose
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: This means "tracking," whose main purpose
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "notion" in the following sentence: The notion that tracking is somehow "und
senseval2.d002.s068.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "somehow" in the following sentence: The notion that tracking is somehow "und
senseval2.d002.s068.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s068.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "education" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encou
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "encourage" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encou
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "young" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encourage
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "men" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encourage young
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encourage
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realize" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encourage
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "full" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encourage young
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "academic" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encou
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "potential" in the following sentence: The purpose of education is to encourage
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actually" in the following sentence: No one in his right mind actually bel
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believes" in the following sentence: No one in his right mind actually bel
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "academic" in the following sentence: No one in his right mind actually
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "potential" in the following sentence: No one in his right mind actually bel
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "desirable" in the following sentence: -- It is generally desirable to use
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: -- It is generally desirable to use older
senseval2.d002.s071.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "textbooks" in the following sentence: -- It is generally desirable to use
senseval2.d002.s071.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "many" in the following sentence: -- It is generally desirable to use older
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rather" in the following sentence: -- It is generally desirable to use
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "newer" in the following sentence: -- It is generally desirable to use
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s072.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "latter" in the following sentence: The latter are modish, trend
senseval2.d002.s072.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s072.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trendy" in the following sentence: The latter are modish, tr
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "often" in the following sentence: The latter are modish, trend
senseval2.d002.s072.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "downright" in the following sentence: The latter are modish, trend
senseval2.d002.s072.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "silly" in the following sentence: The latter are modish, trend
senseval2.d002.s072.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "best" in the following sentence: The latter are modish, trendy
senseval2.d002.s072.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dubious" in the following sentence: They are based on dubious psych
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "psychological" in the following sentence: They are based on dubious psych
senseval2.d002.s073.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s073.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "theories" in the following sentence: They are based on dubious psychological
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rather" in the following sentence: They are based on dubious psychological
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "educational" in the following sentence: They are based on dubious psych
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experience" in the following sentence: They are based on dubious psych
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reasons" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "American" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so poor
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "so" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so poor
senseval2.d002.s074.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "poorly" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do
senseval2.d002.s074.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "math" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so poor
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "compared" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so
senseval2.d002.s074.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "British" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do
senseval2.d002.s074.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "French" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so
senseval2.d002.s074.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "German" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so
senseval2.d002.s074.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Japanese" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "influence" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "American" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so poor
senseval2.d002.s074.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "textbooks" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so
senseval2.d002.s074.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teaching" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so
senseval2.d002.s074.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "methods" in the following sentence: One of the reasons American students do so poor
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wants" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how b
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appreciate" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "just" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizar
senseval2.d002.s075.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bizarre" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "situation" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "students" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how b
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "add" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizar
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "subtract" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "learning" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizar
senseval2.d002.s075.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conceptual" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mathematical" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how
senseval2.d002.s075.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "read" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizar
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "article" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizar
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recent" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how b
senseval2.d002.s075.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "math" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizar
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "major" in the following sentence: Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizar
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Most" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all, schools should
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "important" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all, schools should have
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "schools" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all, schools should
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "principals" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all,
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "large" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all, schools should have
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "measure" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all, schools should have
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "authority" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all, schools should
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "faculty" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all, schools should
senseval2.d002.s076.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "matters" in the following sentence: -- Most important of all, schools should
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: -- The assistant will be responsible for man
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Study" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s077.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recent" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent from
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tells" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent from
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "best" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent from the
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "schools" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent from
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "outside" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent from
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interference" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent from
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "governed" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "powerful" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent from
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "head" in the following sentence: Study after study -- the most recent from the
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "authority" in the following sentence: With that authority, of course, goes
senseval2.d002.s078.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "of course" in the following sentence: With that authority, of course, goes
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "goes" in the following sentence: With that authority, of course, goes
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unambiguous" in the following sentence: With that authority, of course,
senseval2.d002.s078.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Schools" in the following sentence: Schools that are structured in this
senseval2.d002.s079.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "structured" in the following sentence: Schools that are structured in this
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: Schools that are structured in this way
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "produce" in the following sentence: Schools that are structured in this
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "higher" in the following sentence: Schools that are structured in this
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "superior" in the following sentence: Schools that are structured in this
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "academic" in the following sentence: Schools that are structured in
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performance" in the following sentence: Schools that are structured in this
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fact" in the following sentence: This is a fact -- though, in view
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ruffled" in the following sentence: This is a fact -- though,
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fact" in the following sentence: This is a fact -- though, in view
senseval2.d002.s080.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "so" in the following sentence: This is a fact -- though, in view
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "publishes" in the following sentence: Mr. Kristol, an American Enter
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: That's what the man had said.
senseval3.d000.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: That's what the man had said
senseval3.d000.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a skilled and experienced
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated gracefully on
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: Haney peered doubtfully at his
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: He had no ready answer, as much from
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ready" in the following sentence: He had no ready answer, as much from
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "answer" in the following sentence: He had no ready answer, as much from
senseval3.d000.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "much" in the following sentence: He had no ready answer, as much
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favor" in the following sentence: The gift was a gift of love,
senseval3.d000.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "coughing" in the following sentence: He had no ready answer, as
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: Was the man drunk or crazy or
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drunk" in the following sentence: Was the man drunk or crazy
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was devastating
senseval3.d000.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "buddy" in the following sentence: But his new-found buddy had
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "matched" in the following sentence: But his new-found buddy had
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drink" in the following sentence: But his new-found buddy had
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drink" in the following sentence: But his new-found buddy had
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "forgot" in the following sentence: I forgot to turn off the lights
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: But his new-found buddy had matched
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: But his new-found buddy had
senseval3.d000.s004.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firm" in the following sentence: The firm's new product line is
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence: The guy is off his rocker
senseval3.d000.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rocker" in the following sentence: The guy is off his rocker
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the following sentence: The guy is off his rocker
senseval3.d000.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: The guy is off his rocker
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Eyes" in the following sentence: Eyes that were clear, but also
senseval3.d000.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "clear" in the following sentence: Eyes that were clear, but also bright
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bright" in the following sentence: Eyes that were clear, but also
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "strange" in the following sentence: Eyes that were clear, but also
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intensity" in the following sentence: Eyes that were clear, but
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cold" in the following sentence: Eyes that were clear, but also
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fire" in the following sentence: Eyes that were clear, but also bright
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noticed" in the following sentence: Why hadn't he noticed it
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: No, the man was not drunk
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drunk" in the following sentence: No, the man was not drunk
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wondered" in the following sentence: He wondered how he got tied
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "went" in the following sentence: He went to the store to buy some
senseval3.d000.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tied" in the following sentence: He wondered how he got tied up
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: She was a brilliant assistant to her b
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval3.d000.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "blurred" in the following sentence: It was blurred, after
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "steady" in the following sentence: It was blurred, after
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drinking" in the following sentence: It was blurred, after two
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "occasion" in the following sentence: It was blurred, after two
senseval3.d000.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came back" in the following sentence: It was blurred, after
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant, her head seemingly s
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "head" in the following sentence: The stranger, his head seemingly sunk
senseval3.d000.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sunk" in the following sentence: The stranger, his head seemingly s
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the following sentence: The stranger, his head seemingly s
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "started" in the following sentence: The stranger, his head seemingly s
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "room" in the following sentence: The room was filled with the sound of laugh
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "light" in the following sentence: The stranger, his head seemingly sunk
senseval3.d000.s012.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "huge" in the following sentence: The stranger, his head seemingly s
senseval3.d000.s012.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intersection" in the following sentence: The stranger, his head seemingly s
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Brakes" in the following sentence: Brakes howled and a
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "horn" in the following sentence: Brakes howled and a horn bla
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floored" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: Brakes howled and a horn bla
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hit" in the following sentence: Brakes howled and a horn bla
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "second" in the following sentence: Brakes howled and a horn bla
senseval3.d000.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shout" in the following sentence: His shout had been involuntary,
senseval3.d000.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involuntary" in the following sentence: His shout had been involunt
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "done" in the following sentence: His shout had been involuntary, something
senseval3.d000.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thinking" in the following sentence: His shout had been involuntary,
senseval3.d000.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "on the spur of the moment" in the following sentence: His shout had
senseval3.d000.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cared" in the following sentence: As a matter of fact, he would
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence: As a matter of fact, he would
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hit" in the following sentence: As a matter of fact, he would n
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "opened" in the following sentence: He regretted having opened his mouth
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mouth" in the following sentence: He regretted having opened his mouth when
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "truck" in the following sentence:Actually, he regretted
senseval3.d000.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came to" in the following sentence: He regretted having opened his
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stop" in the following sentence: He regretted having opened his mouth when
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "driver" in the following sentence:Actually, he regretted having
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jumped" in the following sentence:Actually, he reg
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cab" in the following sentence: Actually, he regretted having opened
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "walked" in the following sentence:Actually, he regretted
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: By then, the stranger was thanking Han
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arm" in the following sentence: By then, the stranger was thanking Han
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shoulders" in the following sentence: By then, the stranger was thanking
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "old" in the following sentence: By then, the stranger was thanking Han
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "friend" in the following sentence: By then, the stranger was thanking Han
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "driver" in the following sentence: So the driver started to curse at both
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "started" in the following sentence: So the driver started to curse at
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "plot" in the following sentence: So the driver started to curse at both
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "record" in the following sentence: So the driver started to curse at both
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: Then the man he saved turned and looked square
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turned" in the following sentence: Then the man he saved turned and looked
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "looked" in the following sentence: Then the man he saved turned and looked
senseval3.d000.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "face" in the following sentence: Then the man he saved turned and looked square
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suggest" in the following sentence: The company's CEO suggested
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "word" in the following sentence: Then the man he saved turned and looked square
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "driver" in the following sentence: Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing at
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stuck" in the following sentence: The car was stuck in the mud,
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "swearing" in the following sentence: Very suddenly, the driver stopped swe
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turned" in the following sentence: Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "heel" in the following sentence: Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing at
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "truck" in the following sentence: Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "given" in the following sentence: Haney hadn't given it
senseval3.d000.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the following sentence: Haney hadn't given it
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Haney hadn't given it much
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recalled" in the following sentence: Now he recalled it very clearly,
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: Now he recalled it very clearly,
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: Now he recalled it very clearly, and
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sort" in the following sentence: It must have been the sort of look that
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "look" in the following sentence: It must have been the sort of look that
senseval3.d000.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "call" in the following sentence: It must have been the sort of look that
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bluff" in the following sentence: It must have been the sort of look
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saying" in the following sentence: It must have been the sort of look
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "word" in the following sentence: It must have been the sort of look that
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "light" in the following sentence: When the light went their way, they went
senseval3.d000.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "went" in the following sentence: When the light went their way, they
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: When the light went their way, they went
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "went on" in the following sentence: When the light went their way,
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "room" in the following sentence: The room was filled with the sound of laugh
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found out" in the following sentence: And when the stranger found out that Phil
senseval3.d000.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "on the way" in the following sentence: And when the stranger found out that
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the following sentence: And when the stranger found out that
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bath" in the following sentence: The bathroom was a small, cr
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "insisted" in the following sentence: And when the stranger found out that Phil
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offering" in the following sentence: And when the stranger found out that
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "buy" in the following sentence: And when the stranger found out that Phil
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drinks" in the following sentence: And when the stranger found out that Phil
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "went" in the following sentence: Phil usually went alone and kept to himself
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The sun felt warm on her skin as
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sitting" in the following sentence: Phil usually went alone and kept to himself
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wall" in the following sentence: The wall was made of thick, rough-
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "passing" in the following sentence: Phil usually went alone and kept to himself
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Phil usually went alone and kept to himself,
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nursing" in the following sentence: Phil usually went alone and kept to
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the following sentence: Phil usually went alone and kept to
senseval3.d000.s026.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mind" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't mind
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't mind
senseval3.d000.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "in return" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "free" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't mind
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drinks" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't mind
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "good" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't mind
senseval3.d000.s027.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "money" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "job" in the following sentence: But he decided he wouldn't mind
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wondered" in the following sentence: Now he wondered if it was
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "having" in the following sentence: Now he wondered if it was worth
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "screwball" in the following sentence: Now he wondered if it
senseval3.d000.s029.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: Now he wondered if it was worth it
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "take" in the following sentence: He really didn't take the offer
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offer" in the following sentence: He really didn't take the
senseval3.d000.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "began" in the following sentence: He really didn't take the
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feel" in the following sentence: He really didn't take the
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unfair" in the following sentence: The company's decision was unf
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing under
senseval3.d000.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "coughing" in the following sentence: When he finally got the cough
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realized" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gave" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing
senseval3.d000.s031.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first name" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "waiting" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "answer" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing under
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seem" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wink" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "continued" in the following sentence: When he finally got the cough
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stare" in the following sentence: When he finally got the coughing
senseval3.d000.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weak" in the following sentence: Haney managed a weak laugh.
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "think" in the following sentence: "Guess I can't
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "faint" in the following sentence: A faint crease appeared between the man
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "faint" in the following sentence: The sun was setting, and the sky
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appeared" in the following sentence: A faint crease appeared between the man
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: A faint crease appeared between the man '
senseval3.d000.s035.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "think" in the following sentence: "I think you aren't
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taking" in the following sentence: "I think you aren't
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "has" in the following sentence: And everybody has some kind of grudge.
senseval3.d000.s038.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s038.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "grudge" in the following sentence: And everybody has some kind of grud
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hit" in the following sentence: I might have got hit by that truck
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "returning" in the following sentence: I believe in returning favors.
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favor" in the following sentence: I believe in returning favors.
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "do" in the following sentence: I 'll do anything for somebody I like
senseval3.d000.s041.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s042.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s043.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rubbed" in the following sentence: Phil rubbed his forehead we
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s045.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feel" in the following sentence: He was beginning to feel woolly
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d000.s046.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence: Maybe it would be better to humor the
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: Maybe it would be better to humor the gu
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s047.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conceded" in the following sentence: "All right ``, he conced
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval3.d000.s048.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get along with" in the following sentence: "All right ``, he conced
senseval3.d000.s048.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "keep" in the following sentence: He keeps riding me because I like to
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "riding" in the following sentence: He keeps riding me because I like
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "like" in the following sentence: He keeps riding me because I like to
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "listen" in the following sentence: She keeps riding me because I like to
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "radio" in the following sentence: He keeps riding me because I like to
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s049.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taking" in the following sentence: He keeps riding me because I like
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bath" in the following sentence: He keeps riding me because I like
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: He says the neighbors complain,
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "neighbors" in the following sentence: He says the neighbors comp
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: She is an assistant, not a manager
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believe" in the following sentence: He says the neighbors complain,
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tell" in the following sentence: Why don't they tell me
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bothers" in the following sentence: Why don't they tell me
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: The man closed his eyes and nodded.
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: The man closed his eyes and nodded
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nodded" in the following sentence: The man closed his eyes and nod
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "looked" in the following sentence: When he looked up again, he seemed
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt strong and unpredictable
senseval3.d000.s053.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Fine" in the following sentence: "Fine." Choose the corresponding
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Give" in the following sentence: Give me your address.Cho
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "take" in the following sentence: It will take a little time.
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: It will take a little time. Choose
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: I want to study your landlord
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I am an assistant to the CEO
senseval3.d000.s057.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "habits" in the following sentence: I want to study your landlord
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: You see, I always make it look like
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: You see, I always make it look like
senseval3.d000.s058.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s058.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I am an assistant.Choose
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "looks" in the following sentence: Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable
senseval3.d000.s059.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the following sentence: In that way there's no trouble
senseval3.d000.s060.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "customer" in the following sentence: In that way there's no trouble for
senseval3.d000.s061.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flew" in the following sentence: Haney's eyeb
senseval3.d000.s062.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "slept" in the following sentence: She slept soundly.
senseval3.d000.s064.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: "It's my line of work
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: Five minutes later, before Haney could
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: Five minutes later, before Haney could make
senseval3.d000.s065.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "break" in the following sentence: Five minutes later, before Haney could make
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a young woman with a
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the following sentence: The book is my favorite, and
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watched" in the following sentence: Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "small" in the following sentence: Haney watched the small but wiry man
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wiry" in the following sentence: Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: Haney watched the small but wiry man
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "slip" in the following sentence: Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "window" in the following sentence: The sunlight streamed through the window,
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: Haney watched the small but wiry man
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seemed" in the following sentence: Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated gracefully on
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stay" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer,
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer, and
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "passed" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer,
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seemed" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer,
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "strange" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer,
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "little" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer,
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer, and
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer, and
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "glass" in the following sentence: Phil decided to stay a little longer, and
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chair" in the following sentence: The chair was a simple wooden box with
senseval3.d000.s068.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Some time before midnight he returned to his
senseval3.d000.s068.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "returned" in the following sentence: Some time before midnight he returned to
senseval3.d000.s068.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: The house was built in the 19
senseval3.d000.s068.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sink" in the following sentence: The sink was filled with water, and
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "putting" in the following sentence: Some time before midnight he returned to
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "whole" in the following sentence: Some time before midnight he returned to
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mind" in the following sentence: Some time before midnight he returned to his
senseval3.d000.s068.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fell asleep" in the following sentence: Some time before midnight he
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "day" in the following sentence: The next day, Sunday, the hangover
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "night" in the following sentence: The next day, Sunday, the hangover
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s070.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conversation" in the following sentence: The hangover in turn remind
senseval3.d000.s070.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s070.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "groaned" in the following sentence: The hangover in turn remind
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "went" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin later
senseval3.d000.s071.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "aspirin" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "day" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin later in
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "passed" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin later
senseval3.d000.s071.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "surly" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin later
senseval3.d000.s071.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "landlord" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin
senseval3.d000.s071.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "on the way" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s071.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "as usual" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin later
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tenants" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin later
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: He went for more aspirin later in
senseval3.d000.s072.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shrugged" in the following sentence: Phil shrugged and
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d000.s074.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s075.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Of course" in the following sentence: Of course On Thursday, Han
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flooded" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s075.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "monthly" in the following sentence: Of course On Thursday, Han
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "check" in the following sentence: Of course On Thursday, Haney
senseval3.d000.s075.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "different" in the following sentence: The new software is different from the previous
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a skilled and experienced
senseval3.d000.s075.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wife" in the following sentence: Of course On Thursday, Han
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wished" in the following sentence: Of course On Thursday, Han
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stranger" in the following sentence: Of course On Thursday, Han
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "do" in the following sentence: Of course On Thursday, Haney
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Career" in the following sentence: She has been working in the same
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "home" in the following sentence: Coming home from work, he was start
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: Coming home from work, he was start
senseval3.d000.s076.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: Coming home from work, he was start
senseval3.d000.s076.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "front" in the following sentence: Coming home from work, he was start
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lounge" in the following sentence: The lounge was a co
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "standing" in the following sentence: Inside the lobby, people were standing
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talking" in the following sentence: Inside the lobby, people
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spine" in the following sentence: His spine crawled with a for
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s078.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "asked" in the following sentence: His spine crawled with a for
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fellow" in the following sentence: His spine crawled with a for
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a young woman with a
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "happened" in the following sentence: His spine crawled with a
senseval3.d000.s079.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "died" in the following sentence: The landlord had died.
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fallen" in the following sentence: Late that afternoon, it seemed, he
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "obscure" in the following sentence: Late that afternoon, it seemed,
senseval3.d000.s080.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s080.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inspection" in the following sentence: Late that afternoon, it seemed, he
senseval3.d000.s082.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Nobody" in the following sentence: Nobody witnessed the fall --
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fall" in the following sentence: Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the
senseval3.d000.s082.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sickening" in the following sentence: Nobody witnessed the fall --
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impact" in the following sentence: Nobody witnessed the fall -- just
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "body" in the following sentence: Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smashed" in the following sentence: Nobody witnessed the fall -- just
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dock" in the following sentence: The ship's crew was able to
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "delivery" in the following sentence: Nobody witnessed the fall -- just
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s083.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hoped" in the following sentence: Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden
senseval3.d000.s083.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noticed" in the following sentence: Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden
senseval3.d000.s083.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sudden" in the following sentence: Haney hoped that nobody noticed his
senseval3.d000.s083.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pallor" in the following sentence: Haney hoped that nobody noticed his
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drain" in the following sentence: Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fingers" in the following sentence: The fingers of the left hand were num
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "walked" in the following sentence: He muttered something about how terrible it
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deliberate" in the following sentence: He muttered something about how
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The river overflowed its banks,
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s085.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: The house was built in the 19
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drink" in the following sentence: Once inside his apartment, he pou
senseval3.d000.s085.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated gracefully on
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hands" in the following sentence: Once inside his apartment, he pou
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flopped" in the following sentence: Once inside his apartment, he
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "table" in the following sentence: The table was set with silverware and glass
senseval3.d000.s086.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s086.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "began" in the following sentence: After a while he began to feel better
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feel" in the following sentence: After a while he began to feel better
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bothered" in the following sentence: After a while he began to feel
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ask" in the following sentence: After a while he began to feel better about
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "questions" in the following sentence: After a while he began to feel better about
senseval3.d000.s088.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "convinced" in the following sentence: Still later, he finally convinced himself
senseval3.d000.s088.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a brilliant and dedicated employee
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s089.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: The stranger really had nothing to do with it
senseval3.d000.s089.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s089.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "do" in the following sentence: The stranger really had nothing to do with it
senseval3.d000.s090.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "went to bed" in the following sentence: Haney went to bed,
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "happy" in the following sentence: Haney went to bed, happy that
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lousy" in the following sentence: Haney went to bed, happy
senseval3.d000.s090.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: After all, the man had no family,
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: After all, the man had no family,
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "family" in the following sentence: After all, the man had no family,
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suffered" in the following sentence: After all, the man had no
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: Really, he said to himself,
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kills" in the following sentence: Really, he said to himself,
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: Really, he said to himself, nobody
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favor" in the following sentence: Really, he said to himself,
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the following sentence: So you thought I didn't
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: So you thought I didn't
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant's eyes were large and
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: The stranger's eyes were large and
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "large" in the following sentence: The stranger's eyes were large and sad
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sad" in the following sentence: The stranger's eyes were large and
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hurt" in the following sentence: The stranger's eyes were large and
senseval3.d000.s094.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fear" in the following sentence: The stranger's eyes were wide and
senseval3.d000.s095.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recurrent" in the following sentence: It was like a recurrent, anno
senseval3.d000.s095.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dream" in the following sentence: It was like a recurrent, anno
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dream" in the following sentence: It was like a recurrent, anno
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "overtones" in the following sentence: It was like a recurrent,
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knew" in the following sentence: However, Haney knew it was not
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dream" in the following sentence: However, Haney knew it was not
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tight" in the following sentence: He might be very tight, but he
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knew" in the following sentence: He might be very tight, but he
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bar" in the following sentence: It was the same bar, and it was
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weeks" in the following sentence: It was the same bar, and it
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "night" in the following sentence: It was the same bar, and it was
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: It was the same bar, and it was
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "excuse" in the following sentence: It was the same bar, and
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drink" in the following sentence: It was the same bar, and it
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "usual" in the following sentence: It was the same bar, and it
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sitting" in the following sentence: He had been sitting in the usual corner
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "usual" in the following sentence: He had been sitting in the usual corner
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "little" in the following sentence: He had been sitting in the usual corner
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "table" in the following sentence: He had been sitting in the usual corner at
senseval3.d000.s099.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "as far as possible" in the following sentence: He had been sitting in the
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talkative" in the following sentence: He had been sitting in the usual
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "friendly" in the following sentence: He had been sitting in the usual corner
senseval3.d000.s099.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lushes" in the following sentence: He had been sitting in the usual
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enjoy" in the following sentence: He was enjoying the weekly
senseval3.d000.s100.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weekly" in the following sentence: He was enjoying the weekly rit
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "washing down" in the following sentence: He was enjoying the week
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pet" in the following sentence: He was enjoying the weekly ritual
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "grievance" in the following sentence: He was enjoying the weekly
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bathroom" in the following sentence: The bathroom was a small,
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "water" in the following sentence: He was enjoying the weekly ritual
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the following sentence: This favorite grievance was not
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "grievance" in the following sentence: This favorite grievance was not
senseval3.d000.s101.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "forgotten" in the following sentence: He had already quite forgotten about
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s103.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spur" in the following sentence: In fact, he had only mentioned him
senseval3.d000.s103.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "moment" in the following sentence: In fact, he had only mentioned him
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "real" in the following sentence: His real grievance was Lolly.
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "grievance" in the following sentence: His real grievance was L
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: Toward the end of his fourth hairy
senseval3.d000.s105.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fourth" in the following sentence: Toward the end of his fourth hair
senseval3.d000.s105.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hairy" in the following sentence: Toward the end of his fourth
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "making" in the following sentence: Toward the end of his fourth hairy
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wet" in the following sentence: Toward the end of his fourth hair
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rings" in the following sentence: Toward the end of his fourth hair
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "glass" in the following sentence: Toward the end of his fourth hairy
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "looked" in the following sentence: He looked up with bloodshot eyes and
senseval3.d000.s106.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: He looked up with bloodshot eyes and
senseval3.d000.s106.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: She was an assistant to the CEO
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sitting" in the following sentence: He looked up with bloodshot eyes and
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chair" in the following sentence: The chair was a simple wooden bench
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smiling" in the following sentence: He looked up with bloodshot eyes and
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "secret" in the following sentence: He looked up with bloodshot eyes and beh
senseval3.d000.s106.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smile" in the following sentence: He looked up with bloodshot eyes and
senseval3.d000.s106.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conspirators" in the following sentence: He looked up with bloodshot
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noticed" in the following sentence: He hadn't even noticed --
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "name" in the following sentence: He hadn't even noticed -- what
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saw" in the following sentence: He hadn't even noticed --
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sit down" in the following sentence: He hadn't even noticed
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unexpected" in the following sentence: The unexpected event was a turning point in
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shadow" in the following sentence: The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s108.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noise" in the following sentence: The man was uncanny, like
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shadow" in the following sentence: The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s109.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt like" in the following sentence: Haney felt like shrinking out
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shrinking" in the following sentence: Haney felt like shrinking out
senseval3.d000.s109.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "out of sight" in the following sentence: Haney felt like shrinking out
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wall" in the following sentence: The wall was made of thick, rough stone
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wiry" in the following sentence: Haney felt like shrinking out of
senseval3.d000.s109.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "little" in the following sentence: Haney felt like shrinking out of
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: Haney felt like shrinking out of sight
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "began" in the following sentence: He began to wish that he had n
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wish" in the following sentence: He began to wish that he had n
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shouted" in the following sentence: He began to wish that he had
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: He began to wish that he had n'
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evening" in the following sentence: He began to wish that he had n
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "truck" in the following sentence: He began to wish that he had n
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bore down" in the following sentence: He began to wish that he had
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crossing" in the following sentence: He began to wish that he had n
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saddled" in the following sentence: Was he going to be sadd
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "creep" in the following sentence: Was he going to be sadd
senseval3.d000.s111.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bar-buddy" in the following sentence: Was he going to be s
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "going" in the following sentence: He 'd have to start going to some
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "people" in the following sentence: They need to find a way to get the
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voice" in the following sentence: In a low voice, almost whispering,
senseval3.d000.s113.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: In a low voice, almost whispering,
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "asked" in the following sentence: In a low voice, almost whispering
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "happy" in the following sentence: In a low voice, almost whispering
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: In a low voice, almost whispering,
senseval3.d000.s113.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s113.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taken off" in the following sentence: In a low voice, almost whisper
senseval3.d000.s113.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "back" in the following sentence: In a low voice, almost whispering,
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in an off
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mistake" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "answering" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in an
senseval3.d000.s114.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offhand" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in an
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in an off
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realized" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in an
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "showed" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in an
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "face" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in an off
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voice" in the following sentence: He made the mistake of answering in an off
senseval3.d000.s115.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "frowned" in the following sentence: Pete frowned slightly,
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt strong and unpredictable
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sad" in the following sentence: Pete frowned slightly, then
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "moody" in the following sentence: Pete frowned slightly, then
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: Haney didn't want to
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "encourage" in the following sentence: Haney didn't want
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: Haney didn't want to encou
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: Haney didn't want to
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "buy" in the following sentence: Haney didn't want to
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drink" in the following sentence: Haney didn't want to
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "possible" in the following sentence: Haney didn't want to encou
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the following sentence: Haney didn't want to
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the following sentence: But there was no trouble.Cho
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence: The guy sulked over his drink
senseval3.d000.s118.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sulked" in the following sentence: The guy sulked over his
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drink" in the following sentence: The guy sulked over his drink
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The river overflowed its banks,
senseval3.d000.s118.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The river overflowed its banks,
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appreciation" in the following sentence: The guy sulked over his
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "break" in the following sentence: To break the uncomfortable silence,
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "uncomfortable" in the following sentence: To break the uncomfort
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "began" in the following sentence: To break the uncomfortable silence
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talk" in the following sentence: To break the uncomfortable silence
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drinks" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "complaining" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks
senseval3.d000.s120.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wife" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "subject" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later,
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noticed" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later
senseval3.d000.s120.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interest" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later
senseval3.d000.s120.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "listener" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later,
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "showed" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "alert" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later,
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "face" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later,
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bright" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: In time, and two drinks later
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "paused" in the following sentence: When he paused to moisten his thro
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "moisten" in the following sentence: When he paused to moisten his thro
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "throat" in the following sentence: When he paused to moisten his
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pay" in the following sentence: "But why pay her bills?" Cho
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bills" in the following sentence: "But why pay her bills?
senseval3.d000.s123.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "runs around" in the following sentence: If she runs around with other men
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: If she runs around with other men, and
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "men" in the following sentence: If she runs around with other men, and
senseval3.d000.s123.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hate" in the following sentence: If she runs around with other men,
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: If she runs around with other men, and
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "divorce" in the following sentence: If she runs around with other men
senseval3.d000.s124.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "screamed" in the following sentence: The screams of the vict
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bitch" in the following sentence: "That bitch would love a divor
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "love" in the following sentence: "That bitch would love a divor
senseval3.d000.s125.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dance" in the following sentence: "The dance was a blast,
senseval3.d000.s125.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growled" in the following sentence: "That bitch would love a
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: "Then she 'd get half of everything
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: "Then she 'd get half of everything
senseval3.d000.s127.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deal" in the following sentence: Community property deal -- you know. Cho
senseval3.d000.s127.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: Community property deal -- you know.
senseval3.d000.s128.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sell out" in the following sentence: I 'd have to sell out
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "business" in the following sentence: I 'd have to sell out my
senseval3.d000.s128.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pay" in the following sentence: I 'd have to sell out my business
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "share" in the following sentence: I 'd have to sell out my business
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: Now I see. Choose the corresponding definition
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "understand" in the following sentence: You must understand, I have n'
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: You must understand, I haven't
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came" in the following sentence: I came out here to retire.
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I am an assistant.Choose
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "do" in the following sentence: That's why I -- why I do
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "free" in the following sentence: That's why I -- why I do
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "job" in the following sentence: That's why I -- why I do
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "told" in the following sentence: You should have told me about her before
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: Haney felt a twinge of anno
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "heard" in the following sentence: Haney felt a twinge of anno
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the following sentence: The author's favorite color is
senseval3.d000.s137.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "line" in the following sentence: "Haney felt a twinge of
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wild" in the following sentence: Then a wild thought ran circles through his
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the following sentence: Then a wild thought ran circles through his
senseval3.d000.s138.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saw" in the following sentence: The car was parked in the drive
senseval3.d000.s138.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "clouded" in the following sentence: Then a wild thought ran circles through his
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brain" in the following sentence: Then a wild thought ran circles through his
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Suppose" in the following sentence: Suppose -- just suppose this guy was
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guy" in the following sentence: Suppose -- just suppose this guy was
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: Suppose -- just suppose this guy was
senseval3.d000.s140.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "professional" in the following sentence: A retired professional killerAnswer
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "killer" in the following sentence: A retired professional killerChoose
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nut" in the following sentence: If he was just a nut, no harm
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "done" in the following sentence: If he was just a nut, no harm
senseval3.d000.s142.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "real thing" in the following sentence: But if he was the real thing,
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "do" in the following sentence: But if he was the real thing, he
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: He felt very cunning, very proud
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "played" in the following sentence: He felt very cunning, very proud
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: He felt very cunning, very proud of
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "soft spot" in the following sentence: He felt very cunning, very proud
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offense" in the following sentence: "No offense intended ``, he
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intended" in the following sentence: "No offense intended ``, he
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: "No offense intended, he said
senseval3.d000.s145.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: "But it's just that -- well
senseval3.d000.s146.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suspect" in the following sentence: The cops didn't
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the following sentence: The cops didn't suspect
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was so severe that
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: After all, I didn't know
senseval3.d000.s148.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "accident" in the following sentence: It could have been an accident ``.
senseval3.d000.s149.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shrugged" in the following sentence: He shrugged cas
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: "But if you say you managed it,
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "managed" in the following sentence: "But if you say you managed it,
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hooked" in the following sentence: The stranger was hooked.
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eyes" in the following sentence: His eyes burned feverishly
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: "The boat floated gracefully
senseval3.d000.s154.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "looked" in the following sentence: "Of course it looked like an accident
senseval3.d000.s154.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: "I'm an assistant, not
senseval3.d000.s155.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: I always work it that way -- and always
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: I always work it that way -- and always
senseval3.d000.s155.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "customer" in the following sentence: I always work it that way -- and always
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "has" in the following sentence: I always work it that way -- and always
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was catastroph
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prove" in the following sentence: Let me prove it, Phil.
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "think" in the following sentence: I think I can manage one more favor
senseval3.d000.s157.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "manage" in the following sentence: I think I can manage one more favor
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favor" in the following sentence: I think I can manage one more favor
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "surrounded" in the following sentence: They were surrounded by the crowd.
senseval3.d000.s159.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "swoosh" in the following sentence: The ball swooshed past the
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "glass" in the following sentence: Haney swished the liquor in the
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rout" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of a G
senseval3.d001.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of
senseval3.d001.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hopeful" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of
senseval3.d001.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "district" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of a
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "backed" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of a
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidate" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reminder" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of a
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "federal" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "political" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of a
senseval3.d001.s000.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rise" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of a
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: Tuesday's rout of a
senseval3.d001.s000.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "election" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year prior
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year prior to
senseval3.d001.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nation" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year prior
senseval3.d001.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year
senseval3.d001.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "districts" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "choose" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year prior to
senseval3.d001.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "different" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year prior
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "party" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year prior to
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidate" in the following sentence: In only one presidential election year
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: As we know, voters tend to favor
senseval3.d001.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voters" in the following sentence: As we know, voters tend
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tend" in the following sentence: As we know, voters tend to
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favor" in the following sentence: As we know, voters tend to
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the following sentence: As we know, voters tend
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "races" in the following sentence: As we know, voters tend to
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: As we know, voters tend to
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "election" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past
senseval3.d001.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidacy" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the
senseval3.d001.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "major" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past half
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "party" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past half
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "popular" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vote" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past half
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past
senseval3.d001.s004.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seats" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "popular" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vote" in the following sentence: In every presidential election over the past half
senseval3.d001.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pattern" in the following sentence: Prior to 1932, the
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "accounts" in the following sentence: What accounts for the results of recent dec
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "results" in the following sentence: What accounts for the results of recent decades
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "simple" in the following sentence: A simple economic theory may provide at least a
senseval3.d001.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economic" in the following sentence: A simple economic theory may provide at
senseval3.d001.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval3.d001.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "provide" in the following sentence: A simple economic theory may provide at least
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "explanation" in the following sentence: A simple economic theory may provide at
senseval3.d001.s007.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Americans" in the following sentence: A simple economic theory may provide at least
senseval3.d001.s007.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voting booth" in the following sentence: A simple economic theory may provide
senseval3.d001.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
senseval3.d001.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "relies" in the following sentence: The theory relies on three assumptions :
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assumptions" in the following sentence: The theory relies on three assumptions
senseval3.d001.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Voters" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "buy" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brands" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "select" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "political" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "agents" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brand" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believes" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minimalist" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "private" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "markets" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vices" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "public" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "action" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brand" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believes" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "big" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "public" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intervention" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "remedy" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "excesses" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attendant" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pursuit" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "private" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- Vot
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interest" in the following sentence: 1 -RRB- V
senseval3.d001.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Congressional" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "representatives" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Congr
senseval3.d001.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "basic" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Congr
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voting" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "office" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Congr
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dealing" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issues" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Congr
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Congr
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "casting" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "roll call" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "votes" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "legislation" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "imposes" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "costs" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "confers" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: "The assistant will be
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "population" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attending" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Cong
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Congr
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issues" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Congr
senseval3.d001.s010.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constituency" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "service" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB- Congr
senseval3.d001.s010.t025	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pork barrel" in the following sentence: 2 -RRB
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "representatives" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "belief" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB- Republican
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minimalist" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB-
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB- Republican con
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "willing" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB- Republican
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "engage" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB- Republican
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB- Republican con
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: 3 -RRB
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assumptions" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hold" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters in races
senseval3.d001.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voters" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "races" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters in
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "face" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters in races
senseval3.d001.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economic" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters
senseval3.d001.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters in races
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "incentive" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters
senseval3.d001.s012.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "margin" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, voters in races
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: If these assumptions hold, vot
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "put" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office, not
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "office" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office, not
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "acquire" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office,
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office, not
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "benefits" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office
senseval3.d001.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "powerless" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office,
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office, not
senseval3.d001.s013.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "legislative hall" in the following sentence: The legislative hall where members
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bringing" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office
senseval3.d001.s013.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "home" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office, not
senseval3.d001.s013.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "respective" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office,
senseval3.d001.s013.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constituencies" in the following sentence: If they put a Republican into office
senseval3.d001.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: Each legislator, after all, is
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Each legislator, after all, is only
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "races" in the following sentence: In races for the White House, a
senseval3.d001.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voter" in the following sentence: In races for the White House, a
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "incentive" in the following sentence: In races for the White House,
senseval3.d001.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "margin" in the following sentence: In races for the White House, a vot
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local benefits
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
senseval3.d001.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voter" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "particular" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local
senseval3.d001.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "district/state" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may
senseval3.d001.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "likely" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local benefits
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effective" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local benefits
senseval3.d001.s016.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "districts/states" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president
senseval3.d001.s016.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s016.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bringing home" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Although a GOP president may limit local benefits
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voter" in the following sentence: The individual voter's standing consequ
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enhanced" in the following sentence: The individual voter's standing consequ
senseval3.d001.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d001.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a great asset to the
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "simple" in the following sentence: While this theory is exceedingly simple, it
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appears" in the following sentence: While this theory is exceedingly simple,
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "explain" in the following sentence: While this theory is exceedingly simple,
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "things" in the following sentence: While this theory is exceedingly simple,
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increased" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taken" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "peculiar" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased
senseval3.d001.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pattern" in the following sentence: The pattern of the sun's rays
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "half century" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "election" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advent" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: Prior to the election of Franklin Ro
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "occupied" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "society" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "confronting" in the following sentence:First, why ticket splitting
senseval3.d001.s019.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voters" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "races" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s019.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "severe" in the following sentence: First, why ticket splitting has increased and
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "explains" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters
senseval3.d001.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voters" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hold" in the following sentence: "Any individual legislator's constituents
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disdain" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "love" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold
senseval3.d001.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "representatives" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "individual" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold
senseval3.d001.s020.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constituents" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appreciate" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "specific" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold Congress
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
senseval3.d001.s020.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wins" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "overall" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cost" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold Congress
senseval3.d001.s020.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "associated" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold Congress
senseval3.d001.s020.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doing" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters hold
senseval3.d001.s020.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s020.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constituency" in the following sentence: Second, it explains why voters
senseval3.d001.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "theory" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators who
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suggests" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why
senseval3.d001.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "much" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators who
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "relative" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators who
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators who
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators who
senseval3.d001.s021.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "security" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators who
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "office" in the following sentence: Third, the theory suggests why legislators who
senseval3.d001.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "For example" in the following sentence: For example, first-term members of
senseval3.d001.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first-term" in the following sentence: For example, first-term members
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "members" in the following sentence: For example, first-term members of the
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vulnerable" in the following sentence: For example, first-term
senseval3.d001.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "become" in the following sentence: For example, first-term members of
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immune" in the following sentence: For example, first-term members of
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval3.d001.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recent" in the following sentence: The one exception to this recent trend
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trend" in the following sentence: The one exception to this recent trend
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "freshman" in the following sentence: The one exception to this recent tr
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the following sentence: The one exception to this recent tr
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "brought" in the following sentence: The one exception to this recent trend
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was able to complete the project
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "revolution" in the following sentence: The one exception to this recent trend
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "running" in the following sentence: The one exception to this recent trend was
senseval3.d001.s023.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "re-election" in the following sentence: The one exception to this recent
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "freshmen" in the following sentence: Because these freshmen placed far more
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The new president felt a sense of relief
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d001.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spread" in the following sentence: The new product line will be launched in
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "revolution" in the following sentence: Because these freshmen placed far more emphas
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: Because these freshmen placed far more emphas
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Because these freshmen placed far more emphasis
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "making" in the following sentence: Because these freshmen placed far more emphasis
senseval3.d001.s024.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vulnerable" in the following sentence: Because these freshmen placed far
senseval3.d001.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Fourth" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why
senseval3.d001.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "indicates" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why
senseval3.d001.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why the Republican
senseval3.d001.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "difficult" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why the
senseval3.d001.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why the Republican
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attracting" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why
senseval3.d001.s025.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why
senseval3.d001.s025.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "office" in the following sentence: Fourth, the theory indicates why the Republican
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Potential" in the following sentence: Potential candidates may be discou
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the following sentence: Potential candidates may be discou
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discouraged" in the following sentence: Potential candidates may be disc
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "running" in the following sentence: Potential candidates may be discouraged
senseval3.d001.s026.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: Potential candidates may be discou
senseval3.d001.s026.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prospect" in the following sentence: Potential candidates may be discourag
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d001.s026.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hands" in the following sentence: Potential candidates may be discourag
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: Potential candidates may be disc
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of 20
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "potential" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates and
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "financial" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realize" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates and
senseval3.d001.s027.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s027.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "works" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their
senseval3.d001.s027.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disadvantage" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hindered" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attempts" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "competitive" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "slate" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates and
senseval3.d001.s027.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the following sentence: To the extent that potential Republican candidates
senseval3.d001.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Fifth" in the following sentence: Fifth, the theory may provide
senseval3.d001.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
senseval3.d001.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "provide" in the following sentence: Fifth, the theory may provide at
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reason" in the following sentence: Fifth, the theory may provide at least
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legisl
senseval3.d001.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "held" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from
senseval3.d001.s029.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disproportionate" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "share" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "power" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "translate" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "such" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d001.s029.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "respective" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from
senseval3.d001.s029.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constituencies" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators
senseval3.d001.s029.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voters" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "strong" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "incentive" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "keep" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "such" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legisl
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "office" in the following sentence: To the extent that Democratic legislators from the
senseval3.d001.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suggests" in the following sentence: Finally, the theory suggests why
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the following sentence: Finally, the theory suggests why Republic
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fared" in the following sentence: Finally, the theory suggests why Republicans
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "races" in the following sentence: Finally, the theory suggests why Republicans
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters more
senseval3.d001.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters more
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "maintaining" in the following sentence: The government's decision to maintain
senseval3.d001.s031.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chamber" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking
senseval3.d001.s031.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pattern" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters more
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "expect" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters more
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "willing" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "engage" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters more
senseval3.d001.s031.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seek
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "counterparts" in the following sentence: Since local benefit-seeking matters
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: Is there any empirical support for this theory
senseval3.d001.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I am an assistant to the CEO
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pieces" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corroborate
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corroborate
senseval3.d001.s033.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "corroborate" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corro
senseval3.d001.s033.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assumption" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corroborate
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corro
senseval3.d001.s033.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "willing" in the following sentence: The study found that the key assumption that
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "engage" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corroborate
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corroborate the
senseval3.d001.s033.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corrobor
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "colleagues" in the following sentence: Three pieces of evidence corrobor
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "First" in the following sentence: First, economists James Bennett and Thomas
senseval3.d001.s034.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economists" in the following sentence: First, economists James Bennett
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "find" in the following sentence: First, economists James Bennett and Thomas
senseval3.d001.s034.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s034.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turn back" in the following sentence: First, economists James Bennett and
senseval3.d001.s034.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "personal" in the following sentence: First, economists James Bennett and
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "staff" in the following sentence: First, economists James Bennett and
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "budgets" in the following sentence: First, economists James Bennett and
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the following sentence: First, economists James Ben
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of 20
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "primary" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty of personal
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "duty" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "personal" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty of
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "staff" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty of
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involves" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty of personal
senseval3.d001.s035.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "indicates" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "political" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty of
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "philosophy" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leads" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty of
senseval3.d001.s035.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "congressional" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "narrow" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty of
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constituent" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary duty
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "concerns" in the following sentence: To the extent that the primary
senseval3.d001.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assumption" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid,
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attendance" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rates" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "roll-call" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "votes" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republicans" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "extent" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "such" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid,
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "votes" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reflect" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid,
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid,
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s036.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "participating" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is
senseval3.d001.s036.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "such" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid,
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "votes" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid,
senseval3.d001.s036.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "devote" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Second, if the key assumption is valid,
senseval3.d001.s036.t025	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "benefit-seeking" in the following sentence: Second, if
senseval3.d001.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "data" in the following sentence: This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "indicate" in the following sentence: This is indeed what the data indicate,
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democratic" in the following sentence: The Democratic House attendance rate
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s038.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exceeded" in the following sentence: The Democratic House attendance rate has
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the following sentence: The Democratic House attendance rate has
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shown" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table,
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "table" in the following sentence: The table is set for dinner, and the
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the
senseval3.d001.s039.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proportion" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "personal" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table,
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "staffs" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table
senseval3.d001.s039.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "district" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table,
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offices" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table,
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "local" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table, Democr
senseval3.d001.s039.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "duties" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table
senseval3.d001.s039.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "matter" in the following sentence: The study found that the most effective way
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table,
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table, Democr
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: The company has been able to make a significant
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "activities" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table,
senseval3.d001.s039.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "matter" in the following sentence: The study found that the most effective way
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "relative" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table, Democr
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offices" in the following sentence: Finally, as shown in the table,
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "examination" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "changes" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "personal" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staff
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "decisions" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "control" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "body" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "party" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reveals" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "personal" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staff
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "differences" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noted" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staff
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "table" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attributed" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staff
senseval3.d001.s040.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disproportionate" in the following sentence: An examination of changes
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "control" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Democrats" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exercise" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal
senseval3.d001.s040.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "majority-party" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "status" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "resources" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staffing
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "committee" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staff
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "staff" in the following sentence: An examination of changes in personal staff
senseval3.d001.s041.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "additional" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "piece" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Holding" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate:
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "factors" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constant" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate:
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "incumbency" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advantages" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "regional" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "factors" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "difference" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "popular" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "votes" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "presidential" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s041.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "senatorial" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "states" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate:
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conducting" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "election" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "turns out" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "positive" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
senseval3.d001.s041.t024	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "onerous" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the
senseval3.d001.s041.t025	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "federal government" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from
senseval3.d001.s041.t026	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tax" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate:
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "burden" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate:
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "progressive" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t030	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tax rate" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hits" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "higher" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t033	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "income" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "states" in the following sentence: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate:
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Put" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP candidates for president
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP candidates
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP candidates for
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
senseval3.d001.s042.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voters" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP candidates
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP candidates
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP candidates
senseval3.d001.s042.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prisoner" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP candidates
senseval3.d001.s042.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dilemma" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "severe" in the following sentence: Put more simply, GOP candidates for
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appears" in the following sentence: Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "take" in the following sentence: Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the same
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s043.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d001.s043.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pattern" in the following sentence: Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the same
senseval3.d001.s043.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the same
senseval3.d001.s043.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "federal" in the following sentence: Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s044.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "State" in the following sentence: State government is more typically split along Republican-
senseval3.d001.s044.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: State government is more typically split along
senseval3.d001.s044.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "split" in the following sentence: State government is more typically split along Republican-
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lines" in the following sentence: State government is more typically split along Republican-
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reverse" in the following sentence: State government is more typically split along Republican-
senseval3.d001.s045.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "econometric" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "investigation" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reveals" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "holding" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation,
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "factors" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation,
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "constant" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "difference" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation,
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "major" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "party" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vote" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "going" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation
senseval3.d001.s045.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gubernatorial" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidate" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Republican" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "share" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "positive" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation,
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation, further
senseval3.d001.s045.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tax rate" in the following sentence: A cross-state econometric investigation,
senseval3.d001.s046.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sum" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal and state
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "federal" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal
senseval3.d001.s046.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal and state
senseval3.d001.s046.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "part" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal and state
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "irrational" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "behavior" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal and
senseval3.d001.s046.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voters" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "display" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal and state
senseval3.d001.s046.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voting booth" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the
senseval3.d001.s046.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal and state
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rational" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal and
senseval3.d001.s046.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "explanation" in the following sentence: In sum, at both the federal
senseval3.d001.s047.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teaches" in the following sentence: Mr. Zupan teaches at
senseval3.d001.s047.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "business school" in the following sentence: Mr. Zupan teaches
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "long" in the following sentence: In the long, frightening night after T
senseval3.d002.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "frightening" in the following sentence: In the long, frightening night
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "night" in the following sentence: In the long, frightening night after T
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "earthquake" in the following sentence: In the long, frightening
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "residents" in the following sentence: In the long, frightening night after
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favor" in the following sentence: The gift of a new car was a
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "solace" in the following sentence: In the long, frightening night after
senseval3.d002.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: Some found it on the screen of a personal
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "screen" in the following sentence: Some found it on the screen of a personal
senseval3.d002.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Hundreds" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Califor
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Californians
senseval3.d002.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Californians
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "computers" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Californi
senseval3.d002.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quake" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Californi
senseval3.d002.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "electronic" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Califor
senseval3.d002.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "link" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Californians
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "computers" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Californi
senseval3.d002.s002.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phone lines" in the following sentence: Hundreds of Californi
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vivid" in the following sentence: Some of the most vivid bulletins
senseval3.d002.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came" in the following sentence: Some of the most vivid bulletins
senseval3.d002.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "outposts" in the following sentence: Some of the most vivid bulletins
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "electronic" in the following sentence: Some of the most vivid bullet
senseval3.d002.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "subscribers" in the following sentence: About two-thirds of the
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "live" in the following sentence: About two-thirds of the Well '
senseval3.d002.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quake" in the following sentence: The quake knocked The Well out
senseval3.d002.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knocked" in the following sentence: The quake knocked The
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came" in the following sentence: The quake knocked The Well out
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teemed" in the following sentence: The quake knocked The Well out
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s005.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first-hand" in the following sentence: The quake knocked The Well
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reports" in the following sentence: The quake knocked The Well out
senseval3.d002.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "electronic" in the following sentence: Following are excerpts from the
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "traffic" in the following sentence: Following are excerpts from the electronic
senseval3.d002.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "night" in the following sentence: Following are excerpts from the electronic traffic
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: The time is Pacific Daylight Time, and
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Time" in the following sentence: The time is Pacific Daylight Time, and
senseval3.d002.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "subscribers" in the following sentence: The time is Pacific Daylight Time
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: The time is Pacific Daylight Time, and
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "identify" in the following sentence: The time is Pacific Daylight Time,
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "old" in the following sentence: I was in the avenues, on
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "heart" in the following sentence: I was in the avenues, on
senseval3.d002.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Beat" in the following sentence: I was in the avenues,
senseval3.d002.s011.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "BEAT" in the following sentence: I was in the avenues,
senseval3.d002.s011.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fallen" in the following sentence: Got back to Bolinas, and everything
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "poster" in the following sentence: Got back to Bolinas, and everything
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "glass" in the following sentence: Got back to Bolinas, and everything had
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: The floor is covered with a thick layer of
senseval3.d002.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: The floor is covered with a thick layer of
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the following sentence: I was in my favorite watering
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sitting" in the following sentence: I was sitting on the couch,
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: I was in my favorite watering hole,
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and
senseval3.d002.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "begin" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and gl
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "glanced" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "table" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and gl
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "next" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and gl
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smiled" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guilty" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and
senseval3.d002.s016.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smile" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "words" in the following sentence: I felt the temblor begin and gl
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Earth-quake" in the following sentence: I felt the tembl
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "takes" in the following sentence: That's usually how long it takes
senseval3.d002.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pass" in the following sentence: That's usually how long it takes for
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: This time, it just got stronger and then
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: This time, it just got stronger and then
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "started" in the following sentence: This time, it just got stronger and
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shaking" in the following sentence: This time, it just got stronger and
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "child" in the following sentence: This time, it just got stronger and then
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "toy" in the following sentence: This time, it just got stronger and
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "block" in the following sentence: This time, it just got stronger and then
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tossed" in the following sentence: This time, it just got stronger
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "library" in the following sentence: I was in the Berkeley Main library when
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hit" in the following sentence: I was in the Berkeley Main library when
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seconds" in the following sentence: Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wondering" in the following sentence: Endless seconds wondering if those huge
senseval3.d002.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "huge" in the following sentence: Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "door" in the following sentence: The door creaked open, and the wind
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bear" in the following sentence: The bear was a massive creature, tower
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shower" in the following sentence: Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "glass" in the following sentence: Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would
senseval3.d002.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "books" in the following sentence: Only a few books fell in the reading room
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fell" in the following sentence: Only a few books fell in the reading
senseval3.d002.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "paint" in the following sentence: The car paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shop" in the following sentence: Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fire" in the following sentence: Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sent" in the following sentence: Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cloud" in the following sentence: Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "black" in the following sentence: Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smoke" in the following sentence: Then the auto paint shop fire sent an
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "air" in the following sentence: Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "daughter" in the following sentence: My younger daughter and I are fine
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fine" in the following sentence: My younger daughter and I are fine.
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shook" in the following sentence: This building shook like hell and it kept
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hell" in the following sentence: This building shook like hell and it kept getting
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gale.
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "getting" in the following sentence: This building shook like hell and it kept getting
senseval3.d002.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s029.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "downtown" in the following sentence: Except for the gas tank
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "things" in the following sentence: Except for the gas tank at H
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lot" in the following sentence: A lot of car alarms went off
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "car" in the following sentence: A lot of car alarms went off
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "went off" in the following sentence: A lot of car alarms
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cats" in the following sentence: The cats are fine, although nerv
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fine" in the following sentence: The cats are fine, although nerv
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d002.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Huge" in the following sentence: Huge fire from broken gas main in
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fire" in the following sentence: Huge fire from broken gas main in the
senseval3.d002.s034.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Areas" in the following sentence: Areas that are made of ` fill
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "woman" in the following sentence: A woman in a three-story a
senseval3.d002.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s036.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "walk" in the following sentence: A woman in a three-story apartment
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "door" in the following sentence: A woman in a three-story apartment
senseval3.d002.s036.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: A woman in a three-story apartment
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "street" in the following sentence: A woman in a three-story apartment
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s036.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quake" in the following sentence: A woman in a three-story a
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "room" in the following sentence: The room is filled with the scent of
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "driving" in the following sentence: I was driving my truck,
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "truck" in the following sentence: I was driving my truck, stopped
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stopped" in the following sentence: I was driving my truck, stopped
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s040.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hit" in the following sentence: I was driving my truck, stopped at
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watching" in the following sentence: Worst part was watching power lines w
senseval3.d002.s041.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "waving" in the following sentence: Worst part was watching power lines w
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "head" in the following sentence: Worst part was watching power lines waving
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drive" in the following sentence: Worst part was watching power lines waving
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ft." in the following sentence: Was 300 ft. out on
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s045.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flopped" in the following sentence: It flopped all around, real
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dramatic" in the following sentence: It flopped all around, real
senseval3.d002.s046.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s046.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s046.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Ruined" in the following sentence: Ruined the damn fishing
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "damn" in the following sentence: Ruined the damn fishing!
senseval3.d002.s047.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fishing" in the following sentence: Ruined the damn fishing!
senseval3.d002.s050.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: I rode it out on the second floor of
senseval3.d002.s050.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "heard" in the following sentence: I heard parts of the building above my
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I'm an assistant to the CE
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "head" in the following sentence: I heard parts of the building above my head
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thought" in the following sentence: I actually thought that I might die.
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "die" in the following sentence: I actually thought that I might die.
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "home" in the following sentence: I couldn't decide if I should
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: I couldn't decide if I should
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stilts" in the following sentence: I couldn't decide if
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s054.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was catastroph
senseval3.d002.s054.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "storm" in the following sentence: I decided to brave the storm.
senseval3.d002.s055.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "horrible" in the following sentence: There was a horrible smell of
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smell" in the following sentence: There was a horrible smell of
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gas" in the following sentence: There was a horrible smell of gas
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "passed" in the following sentence: There was a horrible smell of
senseval3.d002.s055.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: I could also see the clouds across the bay
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "clouds" in the following sentence: I could also see the clouds across the
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bay" in the following sentence: I could also see the clouds across the bay
senseval3.d002.s056.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "horrible" in the following sentence: I could also see the clouds across the
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fire" in the following sentence: I could also see the clouds across the bay
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: I have felt many aftershocks
senseval3.d002.s057.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "many" in the following sentence: I have felt many aftershocks.
senseval3.d002.s057.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s058.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knots" in the following sentence: My back is still in knots
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hands" in the following sentence: My back is still in knots and
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shaking" in the following sentence: My back is still in knots and
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "think" in the following sentence: I think a few of the aftersh
senseval3.d002.s059.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s059.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "body" in the following sentence: I think a few of the aftershock
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shaking" in the following sentence: I think a few of the aftersh
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: I could see the flames from San Francisco
senseval3.d002.s062.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: I could see the flames from San Francisco
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bay" in the following sentence: I could see the flames from San Francisco
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hard" in the following sentence: It's hard to believe this really is
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believe" in the following sentence: It's hard to believe this really
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "happening" in the following sentence: It's hard to believe this
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "old" in the following sentence: Building on the corner severely damaged,
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lady" in the following sentence: Building on the corner severely damaged
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "old" in the following sentence: Building on the corner severely damaged,
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "father" in the following sentence: The father and his son are playing a game
senseval3.d002.s066.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Books" in the following sentence: Books and software everywhere.Cho
senseval3.d002.s067.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: This boat is floating on the water
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "position" in the following sentence: This being typed in a standing position. Cho
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feel" in the following sentence: Didn't feel a thing,
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thing" in the following sentence: Didn't feel a thing, but
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: They felt the cold, but didn'
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "strange" in the following sentence: Didn't feel a thing,
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bird" in the following sentence: Didn't feel a thing, but
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "behavior" in the following sentence: Didn't feel a thing,
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Duck" in the following sentence: Duck swarms.
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: I just felt another aftershock a
senseval3.d002.s076.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The river flooded the fields and
senseval3.d002.s076.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "few" in the following sentence: I just felt another aftershock a
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seconds" in the following sentence: I just felt another aftershock a few
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was catastroph
senseval3.d002.s080.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Downtown" in the following sentence: Downtown Bolinas seems
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "city" in the following sentence: The city of New York is known for its
senseval3.d002.s081.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phones" in the following sentence: No power, minimal phones, and
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mess" in the following sentence: No power, minimal phones, and a
senseval3.d002.s081.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: The floors were covered in a
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s081.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s082.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "move" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every few
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every few
senseval3.d002.s082.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "few" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unpredictable" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intervals" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mouse" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every few
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "living" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every
senseval3.d002.s082.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kitchen" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taken" in the following sentence: The quivers move through my house every
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose quickly
senseval3.d002.s082.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "table" in the following sentence: The table is a large rectangular wooden surface
senseval3.d002.s083.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "runs out" in the following sentence: It runs out frantically now
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "distressed" in the following sentence: It runs out frantically now
senseval3.d002.s084.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quake" in the following sentence: I was in Stinson Beach when the
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "city" in the following sentence: The city of New York is the most popul
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "things" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we ran
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose quickly
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "window" in the following sentence: The window was a small, square opening in
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spent" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "next" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we ran
senseval3.d002.s086.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "few" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watching" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bathroom" in the following sentence: The bathroom is a small room
senseval3.d002.s086.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feet" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oozing" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher,
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flowers" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "waving" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eerie" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rhythm" in the following sentence: Then as things got rougher, we
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Amazing" in the following sentence: Amazing what it does to one
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s087.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "heart rate" in the following sentence: Amazing what it does to one '
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s087.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s087.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "memory" in the following sentence: Amazing what it does to one's
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "looked" in the following sentence: Everyone looked calm, but there was
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "surreal" in the following sentence: Everyone looked calm, but there was
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "confusion" in the following sentence: Everyone looked calm, but there was
senseval3.d002.s088.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s091.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medical center" in the following sentence: Power is back on, and U
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seems" in the following sentence: Power is back on, and UCS
senseval3.d002.s091.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "night" in the following sentence: Power is back on, and UCSF
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doing" in the following sentence: Power is back on, and UCS
senseval3.d002.s091.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "triage" in the following sentence: Power is back on, and UCS
senseval3.d002.s091.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parking lot" in the following sentence: Power is back on, and U
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sound" in the following sentence: Power is back on, and UCSF
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lights" in the following sentence: Power is back on, and UCS
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "friend" in the following sentence: A friend of mine was in an underground
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "computer" in the following sentence: A friend of mine was in an under
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "center" in the following sentence: A friend of mine was in an underground
senseval3.d002.s092.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "downtown" in the following sentence: A friend of mine was in
senseval3.d002.s092.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quake" in the following sentence: A friend of mine was in an under
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hit" in the following sentence: A friend of mine was in an underground
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: He said that one of the computers took
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s093.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "took" in the following sentence: He said that one of the computers took
senseval3.d002.s093.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s093.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Today" in the following sentence: Today should be interesting as people realize
senseval3.d002.s094.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interesting" in the following sentence: Today should be interesting as people realize
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realize" in the following sentence: Today should be interesting as people realize how
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hard" in the following sentence: Today should be interesting as people realize how hard
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: Today should be interesting as people realize how hard
senseval3.d002.s094.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: I got home, let the dogs into the
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "home" in the following sentence: I got home, let the dogs into the
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "let" in the following sentence: I got home, let the dogs into the
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the following sentence: I got home, let the dogs into
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "room" in the following sentence: The room was filled with the sound of laugh
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noticed" in the following sentence: I got home, let the dogs into
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sounds" in the following sentence: I got home, let the dogs into
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "head" in the following sentence: I got home, let the dogs into the
senseval3.d002.s097.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "walking" in the following sentence: I got home, let the dogs into
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noticed" in the following sentence: Then I noticed the car was boun
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "car" in the following sentence: Then I noticed the car was bouncing
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bouncing" in the following sentence: Then I noticed the car was b
senseval3.d002.s098.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s098.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jumping" in the following sentence: Then I noticed the car was b
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realized" in the following sentence: I realized what was happening and scream
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "happening" in the following sentence: I realized what was happening and sc
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "screamed" in the following sentence: I realized what was happening and sc
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: I realized what was happening and screamed
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the following sentence: I realized what was happening and scream
senseval3.d002.s100.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Cupboard" in the following sentence: The cupboard doors were flying,
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doors" in the following sentence: The doors were flying, the trash
senseval3.d002.s100.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flying" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s100.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kitchen" in the following sentence: The kitchen was a mess, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "walked" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "few" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feet" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scooted" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dog" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the trash
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saw" in the following sentence: The car was parked in the drive
senseval3.d002.s100.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wall" in the following sentence: The wall was painted in a bright shade
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watching" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "outside" in the following sentence: "Cupboard doors were flying,
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dance" in the following sentence: Cupboard doors were flying, the tr
senseval3.d002.s100.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realized" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over, I
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "went" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over, I
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval3.d002.s101.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "in front" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over, I
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over, I went
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "waiting" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over, I
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "praying" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over,
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "come" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over, I went
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "home" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over, I went
senseval3.d002.s101.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shivering" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over,
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: When I realized it was over, I went
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: Never in my life have I been so fright
senseval3.d002.s102.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "frightened" in the following sentence: Never in my life have I been
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saw" in the following sentence: When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pictures" in the following sentence: When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "began" in the following sentence: When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cry" in the following sentence: When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evening" in the following sentence: The Sunset -LCB- District
senseval3.d002.s106.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lots" in the following sentence: The Sunset -LCB- District
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the following sentence: The Sunset -LCB- District
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "walking around" in the following sentence: The Sunset -LCB-
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drinking" in the following sentence: The Sunset -LCB- District
senseval3.d002.s106.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "beer" in the following sentence: The Sunset -LCB- District
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sitting down" in the following sentence: I was just sitting down to meet
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "meet" in the following sentence: I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: I was just sitting down to meet with some
senseval3.d002.s109.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I'm an assistant, not a
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I'm an assistant at the company
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "couple" in the following sentence: I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "started" in the following sentence: I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shaking" in the following sentence: I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s109.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "built" in the following sentence: It's a flimsy structure,
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "supports" in the following sentence: It's a flimsy structure
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stopped" in the following sentence: The three of us stopped breathing for
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "breathing" in the following sentence: The three of us stopped breathing
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "moment" in the following sentence: The three of us stopped breathing for
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The fabric felt soft and comfortable against her
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s111.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s111.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wall" in the following sentence: The wall was made of thick, rough-
senseval3.d002.s112.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: Needless to say, it was an interesting
senseval3.d002.s112.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interesting" in the following sentence: Needless to say, it was
senseval3.d002.s112.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "first" in the following sentence: Needless to say, it was an interesting
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I am an assistant to the CEO
senseval3.d002.s115.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s115.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unscathed" in the following sentence: Albany escaped unscathed.
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the following sentence: Biggest trouble was scared family who
senseval3.d002.s116.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scared" in the following sentence: Biggest trouble was scared family who
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "family" in the following sentence: Biggest trouble was scared family who could
senseval3.d002.s116.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: Biggest trouble was scared family who could
senseval3.d002.s116.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phone line" in the following sentence: The phone line was down for hours,
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spent" in the following sentence: Biggest trouble was scared family who
senseval3.d002.s116.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "horrible" in the following sentence: Biggest trouble was scared family who
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hour" in the following sentence: Biggest trouble was scared family who could
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knowing" in the following sentence: Biggest trouble was scared family who
senseval3.d002.s119.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "front yard" in the following sentence: The front yard was filled with colorful
senseval3.d002.s119.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "started" in the following sentence: Judy and I were in our back
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "waves" in the following sentence: Judy and I were in our back
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saw" in the following sentence: The car was parked in the drive
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "room" in the following sentence: The room was filled with the sound of laugh
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "next" in the following sentence: We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tremor" in the following sentence: We ran into the house to get
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The wind felt like a gust of
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "air" in the following sentence: We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bounced" in the following sentence: We ran into the house to get M
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tried" in the following sentence: We ran into the house to get M
senseval3.d002.s120.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feet" in the following sentence: We ran into the house to get M
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fine" in the following sentence: We are all fine here, although M
senseval3.d002.s121.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s122.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Kitchen" in the following sentence: Kitchen full of broken crystal.
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "full" in the following sentence: Kitchen full of broken crystal.
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crystal" in the following sentence: Kitchen full of broken crystal
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Books" in the following sentence: Books and tapes all over my room
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tapes" in the following sentence: Books and tapes all over my room
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: Not one thing in the house is where it
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fine" in the following sentence: Not one thing in the house is where
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s125.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sitting" in the following sentence: The sun was setting, and the sky
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tremor" in the following sentence: While I was standing on the la
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "noticed" in the following sentence: While I was standing on the lawn
senseval3.d002.s125.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "emerging" in the following sentence: While I was standing on the lawn
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s125.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "slip" in the following sentence: The slip was so slippery
senseval3.d002.s125.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "amazing" in the following sentence: It's amazing how one
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "second" in the following sentence: It's amazing how one second can
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "change" in the following sentence: It's amazing how one second can
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: It's amazing how one second can
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guess" in the following sentence: I guess we're all living very
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "living" in the following sentence: I guess we're all living very
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tentatively" in the following sentence: I guess we're all living
senseval3.d002.s131.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hard" in the following sentence: It's hard to accept that it '
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "accept" in the following sentence: It's hard to accept that it '
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "took" in the following sentence: It's hard to accept that it
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seconds" in the following sentence: It's hard to accept that it '
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wonder" in the following sentence: I wonder if the weather will be nice
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The river flooded the fields.
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "goes" in the following sentence: Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s136.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flight" in the following sentence: Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fight" in the following sentence: Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Nausea" in the following sentence: Nausea seems a commonplace
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a great asset to the
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was devastating
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "walked" in the following sentence: I walked along Shattuck between Del
senseval3.d002.s139.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: I walked along Shattuck between Del
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Next" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a homeless
senseval3.d002.s140.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "homeless" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "couple" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bundled" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "blue" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a homeless
senseval3.d002.s140.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sleeping bag" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sat up" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Good morning" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "woman" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "smiled" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "said" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "great" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "alive" in the following sentence: Next to Chez Panisse a hom
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: They floated on the water.
semeval2007.d000.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "referred" in the following sentence: Your Oct. 6 editorial "
semeval2007.d000.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: Your Oct. 6 editorial "
semeval2007.d000.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reported" in the following sentence: Your Oct. 6 editorial "
semeval2007.d000.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "comments" in the following sentence: Your comments implied we had discovered that the
semeval2007.d000.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "implied" in the following sentence: Your comments implied we had discovered that
semeval2007.d000.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovered" in the following sentence: Your comments implied we had discovered
semeval2007.d000.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cause" in the following sentence: Your comments implied we had discovered that
semeval2007.d000.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: Your comments implied we had discovered that the
semeval2007.d000.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: We have made no such statement.
semeval2007.d000.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is here to help you.
semeval2007.d000.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "become" in the following sentence: It is clear that most mentally ill
semeval2007.d000.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "causes" in the following sentence: The "causes" of homeless
semeval2007.d000.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "understood" in the following sentence: The "causes" of homeless
semeval2007.d000.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d000.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d000.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "note" in the following sentence: You did not note that the homeless people
semeval2007.d000.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d000.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "examined" in the following sentence: You did not note that the hom
semeval2007.d000.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: You did not note that the homeless people
semeval2007.d000.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "multitude" in the following sentence: You did not note that the homeless
semeval2007.d000.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suffered" in the following sentence: They suffered from malnutrition
semeval2007.d000.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d000.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d000.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shelter" in the following sentence: Homeless people not only lack safety,
semeval2007.d000.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d000.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d000.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pointed out" in the following sentence: In a recent report, the Institute
semeval2007.d000.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problems" in the following sentence: In a recent report, the Institute of
semeval2007.d000.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2007.d000.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "person" in the following sentence: In a recent report, the Institute of Medicine
semeval2007.d000.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "category" in the following sentence: In a recent report, the Institute of Medicine
semeval2007.d000.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "composed" in the following sentence: In a recent report, the Institute of
semeval2007.d000.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d000.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shelter" in the following sentence: In a recent report, the Institute of
semeval2007.d000.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interactions" in the following sentence: The interactions between health and homelessness
semeval2007.d000.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d000.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d000.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "look to" in the following sentence: If we look to the future, prevent
semeval2007.d000.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d000.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d000.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "develop" in the following sentence: This will require us to develop a much more
semeval2007.d000.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "understanding" in the following sentence: This will require us to develop a much
semeval2007.d000.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2007.d000.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "developed" in the following sentence: This will require us to develop a much
semeval2007.d000.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: A study by Tulane Prof. James
semeval2007.d000.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "says" in the following sentence: A study by Tulane Prof. James
semeval2007.d000.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2007.d000.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shows" in the following sentence: The study shows that nearly 40
semeval2007.d000.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made up" in the following sentence: The study shows that nearly 40
semeval2007.d000.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exhibits" in the following sentence: The study shows that nearly 4
semeval2007.d000.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "combination" in the following sentence: The study shows that nearly 4
semeval2007.d000.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: According to Dr. Wright, homelessness
semeval2007.d000.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "created" in the following sentence: According to Dr. Wright, homelessness
semeval2007.d000.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "resulting" in the following sentence: According to Dr. Wright, homeless
semeval2007.d000.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "connected" in the following sentence: According to Dr. Wright, homelessness
semeval2007.d000.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d000.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "living" in the following sentence: According to Dr. Wright, homeless
semeval2007.d000.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quote" in the following sentence: To quote the highly regarded director of a priv
semeval2007.d000.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "director" in the following sentence: To quote the highly regarded director of a
semeval2007.d000.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "center" in the following sentence: To quote the highly regarded director of a priv
semeval2007.d000.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sleep" in the following sentence: To quote the highly regarded director of a priv
semeval2007.d000.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flooded" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2007.d000.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fend" in the following sentence: After your first three weeks of sleep dep
semeval2007.d000.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: Some of the homeless, obviously, had
semeval2007.d000.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "addiction" in the following sentence: Some of the homeless, obviously,
semeval2007.d000.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fallen" in the following sentence: But many others have fallen through cracks
semeval2007.d000.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dismiss" in the following sentence: You dismiss as "sentimental"
semeval2007.d000.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2007.d000.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reduction" in the following sentence: You dismiss as "sentimental"
semeval2007.d000.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "played" in the following sentence: You dismiss as "sentimental"
semeval2007.d000.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "role" in the following sentence: You dismiss as "sentimental" the
semeval2007.d000.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "number" in the following sentence: You dismiss as "sentimental" the
semeval2007.d000.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "women" in the following sentence: You dismiss as "sentimental"
semeval2007.d000.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bothered" in the following sentence: There is no sign that you bother
semeval2007.d000.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "consider" in the following sentence: There is no sign that you bothered
semeval2007.d000.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: Your research stopped when a convenient assertion could
semeval2007.d000.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stopped" in the following sentence: Your research stopped when a convenient assertion could
semeval2007.d000.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2007.d000.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: Your research stopped when a convenient assertion could be
semeval2007.d000.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "march" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 spons
semeval2007.d000.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chose" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 spons
semeval2007.d000.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "citation" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 spons
semeval2007.d000.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "groups" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 sponsors
semeval2007.d000.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "insinuating" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200
semeval2007.d000.s028.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 sponsors
semeval2007.d000.s028.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 sponsors
semeval2007.d000.s028.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 sponsors
semeval2007.d000.s028.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thing" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 sponsors
semeval2007.d000.s028.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200 sponsors
semeval2007.d000.s028.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crusade" in the following sentence: Of the approximately 200
semeval2007.d000.s028.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d000.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "force" in the following sentence: But isn't the desire for profit
semeval2007.d000.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "subscribe" in the following sentence: But isn't the desire for profit
semeval2007.d000.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advertise" in the following sentence: But isn't the desire
semeval2007.d000.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d000.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organizations" in the following sentence: Why didn't you mention the
semeval2007.d000.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "participated" in the following sentence: Why didn't you mention
semeval2007.d000.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "homeless" in the following sentence: As for the findings on the
semeval2007.d000.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The feeling of the wind on my face
semeval2007.d000.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "examinations" in the following sentence: As for the findings on the
semeval2007.d000.s031.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suggest" in the following sentence: As for the findings on the
semeval2007.d000.s031.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conduct" in the following sentence: As for the findings on the
semeval2007.d000.s031.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "survey" in the following sentence: As for the findings on the
semeval2007.d000.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Choose" in the following sentence: Choose 203 business execut
semeval2007.d000.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "executives" in the following sentence: Choose 203 business
semeval2007.d000.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "including" in the following sentence: Choose 203 business executives
semeval2007.d000.s032.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "put" in the following sentence: Choose 203 business executives
semeval2007.d000.s032.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deprived" in the following sentence: Choose 203 business
semeval2007.d000.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "predict" in the following sentence: I would predict that within a short time most
semeval2007.d000.s033.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "find" in the following sentence: I would predict that within a short time most
semeval2007.d000.s033.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increase" in the following sentence: I would predict that within a short
semeval2007.d001.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "account" in the following sentence: "Feeding Frenzy" (Hen
semeval2007.d001.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2007.d001.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gives" in the following sentence: Right up front in the preface,
semeval2007.d001.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "example" in the following sentence: Right up front in the preface, co
semeval2007.d001.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offered" in the following sentence: When offered a free trip from the
semeval2007.d001.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trip" in the following sentence: When offered a free trip from the Bron
semeval2007.d001.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tells" in the following sentence: When offered a free trip from the Bron
semeval2007.d001.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reader" in the following sentence: When offered a free trip from the Bronx
semeval2007.d001.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "accepting" in the following sentence: When offered a free trip from the Bron
semeval2007.d001.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "writing about" in the following sentence: When offered a free trip from the Bron
semeval2007.d001.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
semeval2007.d001.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "question" in the following sentence: Any question as to why an author would believe
semeval2007.d001.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "author" in the following sentence: Any question as to why an author would believe
semeval2007.d001.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "believe" in the following sentence: Any question as to why an author would
semeval2007.d001.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "answered" in the following sentence: Any question as to why an author would
semeval2007.d001.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reading" in the following sentence: Any question as to why an author would believe
semeval2007.d001.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "book" in the following sentence: Any question as to why an author would believe
semeval2007.d001.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lead" in the following sentence: Bribe by bribe,
semeval2007.d001.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "path" in the following sentence: Bribe by bribe, Mr
semeval2007.d001.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "traveled" in the following sentence: Bribe by bribe
semeval2007.d001.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: Bribe by bribe, Mr
semeval2007.d001.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "contractor" in the following sentence: Bribe by bribe,
semeval2007.d001.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's crew was able
semeval2007.d001.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "producing" in the following sentence: Bribe by bribe,
semeval2007.d001.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "book" in the following sentence: The book revolves around John Mariotta,
semeval2007.d001.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "revolves around" in the following sentence: The book revolves around John
semeval2007.d001.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d001.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "partner" in the following sentence: The book revolves around John Mariotta
semeval2007.d001.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "started" in the following sentence: Although started in 1965
semeval2007.d001.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: Although started in 1965,
semeval2007.d001.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rolling" in the following sentence: Although started in 1965,
semeval2007.d001.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovered" in the following sentence: Although started in 196
semeval2007.d001.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "program" in the following sentence: Although started in 1965,
semeval2007.d001.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2007.d001.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mandates" in the following sentence: This is a Johnson-era,
semeval2007.d001.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "contracts" in the following sentence: This is a Johnson-era,
semeval2007.d001.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "awarded" in the following sentence: This is a Johnson-era,
semeval2007.d001.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realized" in the following sentence: Mr. Neuberger realized that,
semeval2007.d001.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "qualify" in the following sentence: Mr. Neuberger realized that,
semeval2007.d001.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d001.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: The two partners merely had to falsify
semeval2007.d001.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "falsify" in the following sentence: The two partners merely had to f
semeval2007.d001.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d001.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "became" in the following sentence: Instead of 50/50
semeval2007.d001.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship was floating on the water
semeval2007.d001.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "area" in the following sentence: Besides being a "minority-owned
semeval2007.d001.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: Besides being a "minority-owned
semeval2007.d001.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: The company plugged itself right into Carter campaign
semeval2007.d001.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rebuilding" in the following sentence: The company plugged itself right into Carter
semeval2007.d001.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The company's CEO felt that
semeval2007.d001.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "using" in the following sentence: The company plugged itself right into Carter campaign
semeval2007.d001.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "angle" in the following sentence: The company plugged itself right into Carter campaign
semeval2007.d001.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Starting" in the following sentence: Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi now
semeval2007.d001.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The company began a career of brib
semeval2007.d001.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sentence" in the following sentence: Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi now
semeval2007.d001.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi now serving
semeval2007.d001.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "began" in the following sentence: Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi now
semeval2007.d001.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The company began a career of brib
semeval2007.d001.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bribing" in the following sentence: Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi
semeval2007.d001.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "officials" in the following sentence: Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi
semeval2007.d001.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "including" in the following sentence: Starting with Congressman Mario Biaggi now serving
semeval2007.d001.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: Wedtech did not just use old-f
semeval2007.d001.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: It made ample use of the modern techniques
semeval2007.d001.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: It made ample use of the modern techniques
semeval2007.d001.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retaining" in the following sentence: It made ample use of the modern
semeval2007.d001.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "including" in the following sentence: It made ample use of the modern techniques
semeval2007.d001.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sought" in the following sentence: When necessary, it sought and received assistance
semeval2007.d001.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: When necessary, it sought and received assistance
semeval2007.d001.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2007.d001.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood washed away the
semeval2007.d001.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d001.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a great help.
semeval2007.d001.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2007.d001.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "system" in the following sentence: Wedtech management used the merit system.
semeval2007.d001.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: If you were especially helpful in a cor
semeval2007.d001.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "equity" in the following sentence: If you were especially helpful in a cor
semeval2007.d001.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: If you were not an effective crook,
semeval2007.d001.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fate" in the following sentence: If you were not an effective crook
semeval2007.d001.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "befell" in the following sentence: If you were not an effective cro
semeval2007.d001.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "person" in the following sentence: If you were not an effective crook,
semeval2007.d001.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d001.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "show" in the following sentence: None of the scams show much ingenu
semeval2007.d001.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d001.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: None of the scams show much ingenu
semeval2007.d001.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
semeval2007.d001.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shut up" in the following sentence: Wedtech's scammers
semeval2007.d001.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wanted" in the following sentence: The scammers themselves were garden-
semeval2007.d001.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d001.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wrestling" in the following sentence: Among the lot of them, not
semeval2007.d001.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2007.d001.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "name" in the following sentence: The one character at least somewhat interesting was Ir
semeval2007.d001.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "became" in the following sentence: The one character at least somewhat interesting was
semeval2007.d001.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "author" in the following sentence: The one character at least somewhat interesting was Ir
semeval2007.d001.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enters" in the following sentence: He enters the story toward the end,
semeval2007.d001.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: He enters the story toward the end, just
semeval2007.d001.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d001.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Absorbed" in the following sentence: Absorbed in doling
semeval2007.d001.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d001.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gloss over" in the following sentence:Absorbed in
semeval2007.d001.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "program" in the following sentence: The program was designed to address the specific needs
semeval2007.d001.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scandal" in the following sentence: The scandal surrounding the company's
semeval2007.d001.s028.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "took place" in the following sentence: The company's new CEO
semeval2007.d001.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d001.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saying" in the following sentence: They do at least come around to saying
semeval2007.d001.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courts" in the following sentence: They do at least come around to
semeval2007.d001.s029.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: They do at least come around to saying
semeval2007.d001.s029.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: They do at least come around to saying that
semeval2007.d001.s029.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "programs" in the following sentence: They do at least come around to saying
semeval2007.d001.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leaving" in the following sentence: Programs like Section 8 A are
semeval2007.d001.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gold" in the following sentence: Programs like Section 8 A are
semeval2007.d001.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "expressing" in the following sentence: Programs like Section 8 A are
semeval2007.d001.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d001.s030.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "walk" in the following sentence: Programs like Section 8 A are a
semeval2007.d001.s030.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scoop" in the following sentence: Programs like Section 8 A
semeval2007.d001.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d001.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: Numerous other scandals, among
semeval2007.d001.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "characteristics" in the following sentence: Numerous other scandals,
semeval2007.d001.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d001.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "programs" in the following sentence: They take place in government programs that seem
semeval2007.d001.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "seem" in the following sentence: They take place in government programs that seem
semeval2007.d001.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "programs" in the following sentence: Why are programs like this not eliminated
semeval2007.d001.s033.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "eliminated" in the following sentence: Why are programs like this not elimin
semeval2007.d001.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "provide" in the following sentence: "Feeding Frenzy" does
semeval2007.d001.s034.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover
semeval2007.d001.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "groups" in the following sentence: In and around all levels of government in the
semeval2007.d001.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "people" in the following sentence: In and around all levels of government in the
semeval2007.d001.s035.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "described" in the following sentence: In and around all levels of government in
semeval2007.d001.s035.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "belonging" in the following sentence: In and around all levels of government
semeval2007.d001.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is redistrib
semeval2007.d001.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is red
semeval2007.d001.s036.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
semeval2007.d001.s036.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wealth" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is redistrib
semeval2007.d001.s036.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "regulating" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is redist
semeval2007.d001.s036.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "commerce" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is redistrib
semeval2007.d001.s036.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "maintaining" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is red
semeval2007.d001.s036.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "establishment" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is
semeval2007.d001.s036.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "money" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is redist
semeval2007.d001.s036.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is redistrib
semeval2007.d001.s036.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "influencing" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is red
semeval2007.d001.s036.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d001.s036.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "decisions" in the following sentence: They know that whenever government is red
semeval2007.d001.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: They are our version of the East bloc
semeval2007.d001.s037.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wish" in the following sentence: They are our version of the East b
semeval2007.d001.s037.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: They are our version of the East bloc
semeval2007.d001.s037.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "change" in the following sentence: They are our version of the East bloc
semeval2007.d001.s038.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d001.s038.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "line" in the following sentence: How many government programs and policies exist because they
semeval2007.d001.s038.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pockets" in the following sentence: How many government programs and policies exist because
semeval2007.d001.s039.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issue" in the following sentence: This is the real issue raised by the Wed
semeval2007.d001.s039.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2007.d002.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reach" in the following sentence: I had to reach back to French
semeval2007.d002.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: The rugged terrain of the mountains made
semeval2007.d002.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "asked" in the following sentence: I had to reach back to French
semeval2007.d002.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wanted" in the following sentence: I had to reach back to French
semeval2007.d002.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ride" in the following sentence: I had to reach back to French 1
semeval2007.d002.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "read" in the following sentence: I was a last-minute read inter
semeval2007.d002.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taken up" in the following sentence: I was a last-minute
semeval2007.d002.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "man" in the following sentence: The man with the clipboard represented a half
semeval2007.d002.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "represented" in the following sentence: The man with the clipboard represented
semeval2007.d002.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attempt" in the following sentence: The man with the clipboard represented a
semeval2007.d002.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "introduce" in the following sentence: The man with the clipboard represented
semeval2007.d002.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bit" in the following sentence: The man with the clipboard represented a half
semeval2007.d002.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "embody" in the following sentence: But as the French embody a Z
semeval2007.d002.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: But as the French embody a Zen
semeval2007.d002.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d002.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d002.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "forgiveness" in the following sentence: The couple's marriage was a
semeval2007.d002.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "machine" in the following sentence: But as the French embody a Zen
semeval2007.d002.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "having" in the following sentence: But as the French embody a Z
semeval2007.d002.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "diner" in the following sentence: The diners at my table simply lit
semeval2007.d002.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lit" in the following sentence: The diners at my table simply lit more
semeval2007.d002.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scoffed" in the following sentence: The diners at my table
semeval2007.d002.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interrupting" in the following sentence: The diners at my table simply
semeval2007.d002.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "morning" in the following sentence: The diners at my table simply lit
semeval2007.d002.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wins" in the following sentence: Back in the U.S.A
semeval2007.d002.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "responses" in the following sentence: Back in the U.S.A
semeval2007.d002.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: They floated on the waves.
semeval2007.d002.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d002.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "followed" in the following sentence: Americans it seems have followed Malcolm
semeval2007.d002.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lead" in the following sentence: Americans it seems have followed Malcolm
semeval2007.d002.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "taken to" in the following sentence: Americans it seems have followed Malcol
semeval2007.d002.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "number" in the following sentence: During the past 25 years, the
semeval2007.d002.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "passed" in the following sentence: During the past 25 years,
semeval2007.d002.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "test" in the following sentence: During the past 25 years, the
semeval2007.d002.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "swelled" in the following sentence: During the past 25 years,
semeval2007.d002.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "estimates" in the following sentence: During the past 25 years
semeval2007.d002.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "running" in the following sentence: During the past 25 years, the
semeval2007.d002.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "held" in the following sentence: Some 30 balloon shows
semeval2007.d002.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "including" in the following sentence: Some 30 balloon shows are
semeval2007.d002.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attracts" in the following sentence: Some 30 balloon
semeval2007.d002.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "balloons" in the following sentence: Some 30 balloon
semeval2007.d002.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shaped" in the following sentence: Some 30 balloon shows
semeval2007.d002.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "resemble" in the following sentence: Some 30 balloon shows
semeval2007.d002.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bathroom" in the following sentence: The bathroom was a small,
semeval2007.d002.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "denied" in the following sentence: The condom balloon was denied
semeval2007.d002.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a valuable asset to the
semeval2007.d002.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "held" in the following sentence: Ballooning at the de rigue
semeval2007.d002.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attraction" in the following sentence: Ballooning at the de rigue
semeval2007.d002.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Food" in the following sentence: They need to eat to survive.
semeval2007.d002.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thing" in the following sentence: The first thing anybody will tell you about bal
semeval2007.d002.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tell" in the following sentence: The first thing anybody will tell you about
semeval2007.d002.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "requires" in the following sentence: The first thing anybody will tell you
semeval2007.d002.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sink" in the following sentence: The sink is a crucial part of
semeval2007.d002.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "look" in the following sentence: So long as you don't look
semeval2007.d002.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tell" in the following sentence: They will also tell you that even if
semeval2007.d002.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hate" in the following sentence: They will also tell you that even if
semeval2007.d002.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bathroom" in the following sentence: The bathroom is a small room
semeval2007.d002.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "say" in the following sentence: I still say don't look down
semeval2007.d002.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "look" in the following sentence: I still say don't look down
semeval2007.d002.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ascending" in the following sentence: At least not when you are ascending
semeval2007.d002.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tell" in the following sentence: What they won't tell you is
semeval2007.d002.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "go" in the following sentence: What they won't tell you is
semeval2007.d002.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: What they won't tell you
semeval2007.d002.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get" in the following sentence: What they won't tell you is
semeval2007.d002.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "referring" in the following sentence: I'm not referring to the traditional
semeval2007.d002.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talking" in the following sentence: I'm talking about landing in
semeval2007.d002.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pilot" in the following sentence: With a pilot who speaks no
semeval2007.d002.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "speaks" in the following sentence: With a pilot who speaks no English
semeval2007.d002.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "referred" in the following sentence: To wit, my maiden voyage and
semeval2007.d002.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "began" in the following sentence: To wit, my maiden voyage and
semeval2007.d002.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d002.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flights" in the following sentence: Balloon flights almost always occur
semeval2007.d002.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d002.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drinking
semeval2007.d002.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lots" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drinking
semeval2007.d002.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watching" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drinking
semeval2007.d002.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "baskets" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drink
semeval2007.d002.s027.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inflate" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drinking
semeval2007.d002.s027.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "standing" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drinking while
semeval2007.d002.s027.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deciding" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drinking
semeval2007.d002.s027.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fly" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drinking while
semeval2007.d002.s027.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "baskets" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drink
semeval2007.d002.s027.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hold" in the following sentence: In between came lots of coffee drinking while
semeval2007.d002.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "followed" in the following sentence: When it wasn't my turn
semeval2007.d002.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "progress" in the following sentence: When it wasn't my turn in
semeval2007.d002.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "listening" in the following sentence: When it wasn't my turn
semeval2007.d002.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "driver" in the following sentence: When it wasn't my turn in
semeval2007.d002.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chase car" in the following sentence: When it wasn't my
semeval2007.d002.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came" in the following sentence: After long stretches of this att
semeval2007.d002.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: After long stretches of this att
semeval2007.d002.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drift" in the following sentence: After long stretches of this att
semeval2007.d002.s029.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watching" in the following sentence: After long stretches of this att
semeval2007.d002.s029.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rise" in the following sentence: After long stretches of this att
semeval2007.d002.s029.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cows" in the following sentence: After long stretches of this att
semeval2007.d002.s029.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
semeval2007.d002.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feel" in the following sentence: It's hard not to feel that
semeval2007.d002.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "felt" in the following sentence: It's hard not to feel that
semeval2007.d002.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pointing out" in the following sentence: It's hard not to feel
semeval2007.d002.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came" in the following sentence: Eventually little French farmers and their
semeval2007.d002.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "put" in the following sentence: Eventually little French farmers and their little
semeval2007.d002.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hands" in the following sentence: Eventually little French farmers and their
semeval2007.d002.s031.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d002.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "See" in the following sentence: See, the other rule of thumb about bal
semeval2007.d002.s034.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "steer" in the following sentence: See, the other rule of thumb about
semeval2007.d002.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "go" in the following sentence: You can go only up or down by he
semeval2007.d002.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "heating" in the following sentence: You can go only up or down by
semeval2007.d002.s036.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "air" in the following sentence: You can go only up or down by he
semeval2007.d002.s036.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d002.s036.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: You can go only up or down by he
semeval2007.d002.s036.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bottom" in the following sentence: The bottom of the boat is where the water
semeval2007.d002.s036.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "feel" in the following sentence: You can go only up or down by
semeval2007.d002.s036.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ride" in the following sentence: You can go only up or down by he
semeval2007.d002.s036.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d002.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "makes" in the following sentence: Which makes the chase car necessary?
semeval2007.d002.s037.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "car" in the following sentence: Which makes the chase car necessary.
semeval2007.d002.s038.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "go" in the following sentence: Most balloonists seldom go
semeval2007.d002.s038.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d002.s038.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hour" in the following sentence: Most balloonists seldom go
semeval2007.d002.s039.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bathroom" in the following sentence: The bathroom is a small room
semeval2007.d002.s039.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cruising" in the following sentence: When the balloon is cru
semeval2007.d002.s040.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ascending" in the following sentence: Only when one is ascending -- or
semeval2007.d002.s040.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The water was so clear that it
semeval2007.d002.s041.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doing" in the following sentence: "What's he doing?" his
semeval2007.d002.s041.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hissed" in the following sentence: "What's he doing?
semeval2007.d002.s041.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companion" in the following sentence: "What's he doing?
semeval2007.d002.s042.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: "The boat floated on the
semeval2007.d002.s042.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pilot" in the following sentence: "Attention, " yelled
semeval2007.d002.s042.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "basket" in the following sentence: "Attention, " yelled our
semeval2007.d002.s042.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "plunged" in the following sentence: "Attention, " yelled
semeval2007.d002.s043.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: "The boat floated on the
semeval2007.d002.s043.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leaping" in the following sentence: "You bet attention, I yelled
semeval2007.d002.s043.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wearing" in the following sentence: "You bet attention, I yelled
semeval2007.d002.s043.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "loafers" in the following sentence: "You bet attention, I y
semeval2007.d002.s044.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pilot" in the following sentence: Our pilot simply laughed, fired up
semeval2007.d002.s044.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s044.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2007.d002.s044.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s045.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s045.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s046.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "came" in the following sentence: Eventually we came to rest in a
semeval2007.d002.s046.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rest" in the following sentence: Eventually we came to rest in a sog
semeval2007.d002.s046.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: Eventually we came to rest in a sog
semeval2007.d002.s046.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pleasure" in the following sentence: Eventually we came to rest in a
semeval2007.d002.s046.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scramble" in the following sentence: Eventually we came to rest in
semeval2007.d002.s046.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d002.s046.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scrambled" in the following sentence: Eventually we came to rest in
semeval2007.d002.s047.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "looked" in the following sentence: I looked at my watch.
semeval2007.d002.s049.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drew" in the following sentence: The ball was drawn to the baseline
semeval2007.d002.s049.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "got" in the following sentence: Back in the chase car, we drove
semeval2007.d002.s049.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stuck in" in the following sentence: Back in the chase car,
semeval2007.d002.s049.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enlisted" in the following sentence: Back in the chase car,
semeval2007.d002.s049.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "aid" in the following sentence: Back in the chase car, we
semeval2007.d002.s049.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "farm" in the following sentence: We've been farming for gener
semeval2007.d002.s049.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "get out" in the following sentence: Back in the chase car, we
semeval2007.d002.s049.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hitch" in the following sentence: Back in the chase car, we
semeval2007.d002.s049.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pull" in the following sentence: Back in the chase car, we drove
semeval2007.d002.s050.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s050.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bathroom" in the following sentence: The bathroom is a small,
semeval2007.d002.s050.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "come" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with our bal
semeval2007.d002.s050.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sink" in the following sentence: The sink was a small, rusty
semeval2007.d002.s050.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watched" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with our
semeval2007.d002.s050.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disassemble" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with
semeval2007.d002.s050.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "craft" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with our bal
semeval2007.d002.s050.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a young woman with a
semeval2007.d002.s050.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s050.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "routine" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with our
semeval2007.d002.s050.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat glided effortlessly through
semeval2007.d002.s050.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "punching" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with
semeval2007.d002.s050.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "air" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with our bal
semeval2007.d002.s050.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat glided effortlessly through
semeval2007.d002.s050.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cramming" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with
semeval2007.d002.s050.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "basket" in the following sentence: We finally rendezvoused with our
semeval2007.d002.s051.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exercise" in the following sentence: It was the most exercise we '
semeval2007.d002.s051.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: It was the most exercise we 'd had
semeval2007.d002.s051.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "followed" in the following sentence: It was the most exercise we 'd
semeval2007.d002.s051.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "driving" in the following sentence: It was the most exercise we '
semeval2007.d002.s052.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "meant" in the following sentence: This meant returning to the golf course,
semeval2007.d002.s052.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "returning" in the following sentence: This meant returning to the golf course,
semeval2007.d002.s052.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "watched" in the following sentence: This meant returning to the golf course,
semeval2007.d002.s052.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d002.s052.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "maul" in the following sentence: This meant returning to the golf course,
semeval2007.d002.s052.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tee" in the following sentence: This meant returning to the golf course,
semeval2007.d002.s052.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sat" in the following sentence: This meant returning to the golf course,
semeval2007.d002.s052.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2007.d002.s054.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s055.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floated" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2007.d002.s056.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2007.d002.s056.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ride" in the following sentence: My American companion and I were left to ride
semeval2007.d002.s057.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of tears that was
semeval2007.d002.s057.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "resist" in the following sentence: As we streaked by a blase
semeval2007.d002.s057.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rear" in the following sentence: As we streaked by a blase
semeval2007.d002.s057.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conference" in the following sentence: The U.N.-sponsored
semeval2013.d000.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "posturing" in the following sentence: The U.N.-sponsored
semeval2013.d000.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "focus" in the following sentence: The U.N.-sponsored climate
semeval2013.d000.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Friday" in the following sentence: The U.N.-spons
semeval2013.d000.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The U.N.-sponsored
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "document" in the following sentence: The U.N.-sponsored climate
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The U.N.-sponsored
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "term" in the following sentence: The U.N.-sponsored climate
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "text" in the following sentence: The text, which could provide the basis for
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deal" in the following sentence: The text, which could provide the basis
semeval2013.d000.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "obstacles" in the following sentence: The text, which could provide the
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advance" in the following sentence: But it was seen as an important advance
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "negotiation" in the following sentence: But it was seen as an important
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: But it was seen as an important advance in
semeval2013.d000.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: But it was seen as an important advance in
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leaders" in the following sentence: But it was seen as an important advance
semeval2013.d000.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Copenhagen" in the following sentence: But it was seen as an important
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "week" in the following sentence: But it was seen as an important advance in
semeval2013.d000.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the water
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "text" in the following sentence: Forged by a U.N.
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "money" in the following sentence: The U.N. Ad-h
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: Forged by a U.N
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "global warming" in the following sentence: Forged by a U.
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "term" in the following sentence: Forged by a U.N.
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "range" in the following sentence: And it provides a range of options for the
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "options" in the following sentence: And it provides a range of options for the
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "questions" in the following sentence: And it provides a range of options for the
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "upper limit" in the following sentence: And it provides a range of options for
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "temperature" in the following sentence: And it provides a range of options for
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rise" in the following sentence: And it provides a range of options for
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lot" in the following sentence: It gives a lot of flexibility to the
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firmness" in the following sentence: The new firmness of the material
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "process" in the following sentence: It gives a lot of flexibility to the
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Washington" in the following sentence: It gives a lot of flexibility to
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "representative" in the following sentence: It gives a lot of flexibility
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "document" in the following sentence: Michael Zammit Cutajar, who
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "negotiation" in the following sentence: Michael Zammit Cutajar
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "text" in the following sentence: Michael Zammit Cutajar, who
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "official" in the following sentence: Michael Zammit Cutajar,
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "picture" in the following sentence: Michael Zammit Cutajar, who
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "outlines" in the following sentence: It shows the outlines for a possible
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deal" in the following sentence: It shows the outlines for a possible
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "levels" in the following sentence: It shows the outlines for a possible
semeval2013.d000.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "period" in the following sentence: It shows the outlines for a possible deal
semeval2013.d000.s008.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: Together, the countries would cut em
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European Union" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks
semeval2013.d000.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talks" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks a
semeval2013.d000.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Friday" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks a boost
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks a
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks a
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impact" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks a
semeval2013.d000.s010.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drought" in the following sentence: The European Union gave the talks a
semeval2013.d000.s010.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Friday" in the following sentence: Still, Friday featured the same sort
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sort" in the following sentence: Still, Friday featured the same sort of ver
semeval2013.d000.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weekend" in the following sentence: The weekend is a time for relax
semeval2013.d000.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence: U.S. special climate en
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "envoy" in the following sentence: U.S. special climate envoy
semeval2013.d000.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "language" in the following sentence: U.S. special climate envoy Tod
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cuts" in the following sentence: U.S. special climate envoy
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "move" in the following sentence: The move signaled that the Obama administration
semeval2013.d000.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "harder line" in the following sentence: The move signaled that the Ob
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "China" in the following sentence: The move signaled that the Obama
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Bush administration" in the following sentence: The move signaled that the Ob
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "officials" in the following sentence: The move signaled that the Ob
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The move signaled that the Obama
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States" in the following sentence: The United States is not going to
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deal" in the following sentence: The United States is not going to do
semeval2013.d000.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship was floating on the water
semeval2013.d000.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "action" in the following sentence: The United States is not going to do a
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "text" in the following sentence: The United States is not going to do a
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cuts" in the following sentence: The United States is not going to do
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "observers" in the following sentence: The United States is not going to
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "comments" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after Chinese vice
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hour" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after Chinese vice
semeval2013.d000.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "foreign minister" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "America" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after Chinese vice
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "negotiator" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after
semeval2013.d000.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "common sense" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after Chinese
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "week" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after Chinese vice
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "China" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after Chinese
semeval2013.d000.s015.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "global warming" in the following sentence: Stern made his comments an hour after
semeval2013.d000.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: With the future economic trajectory of the world
semeval2013.d000.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "battle" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economies" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about
semeval2013.d000.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "planet" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "China" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "obligations" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nations" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving individual
semeval2013.d000.s017.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "two dozen" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "imperative" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving
semeval2013.d000.s017.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "action" in the following sentence: The current battle is as much about saving individual
semeval2013.d000.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "delegate" in the following sentence: Ricardo Ulate, a Costa Rican
semeval2013.d000.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "costs" in the following sentence: Ricardo Ulate, a Costa R
semeval2013.d000.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: Ricardo Ulate, a Costa R
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence: Ricardo Ulate, a Costa Rican
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: This is clearly a game where a new economic
semeval2013.d000.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the following sentence: This is clearly a game where a
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Central America" in the following sentence: This is clearly a game where a
semeval2013.d000.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "adviser" in the following sentence: This is clearly a game where a
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: Some of the countries most vulnerable to
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impact" in the following sentence: Some of the countries most vulnerable to
semeval2013.d000.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d000.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Copenhagen" in the following sentence: Some of the countries most vulnerable
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "participants" in the following sentence: Some of the countries most vulnerable
semeval2013.d000.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talks" in the following sentence: Some of the countries most vulnerable to
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deal" in the following sentence: Some of the countries most vulnerable to
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "members" in the following sentence: The Alliance of Small Island States, which has
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "draft" in the following sentence: The Alliance of Small Island States, which
semeval2013.d000.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d000.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Friday" in the following sentence: The Alliance of Small Island States,
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "morning" in the following sentence: The Alliance of Small Island States, which
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "negotiations" in the following sentence: Artur Runge-Metz
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "behalf" in the following sentence: Artur Runge-Metzger
semeval2013.d000.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "push" in the following sentence: Artur Runge-Metzger,
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pressure" in the following sentence: Artur Runge-Metzger
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "process" in the following sentence: Artur Runge-Metzger,
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "action" in the following sentence: Artur Runge-Metzger,
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "China" in the following sentence: Artur Runge-Metzger
semeval2013.d000.s022.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "India" in the following sentence: Artur Runge-Metzger
semeval2013.d000.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d000.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issues" in the following sentence: The talks took on new urgency as
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deal" in the following sentence: The talks took on new urgency
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "officials" in the following sentence: High-level officials such as Indian
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minister" in the following sentence: High-level officials such as Indian environment minister
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "planes" in the following sentence: High-level officials such as Indian environment
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "halls" in the following sentence: High-level officials such as Indian environment
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "meetings" in the following sentence: High-level officials such as Indian
semeval2013.d000.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "news conferences" in the following sentence: High-level officials such as Indian
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence: High-level officials such as Indian
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "week" in the following sentence: High-level officials such as Indian environment minister
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gathering" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "day" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the gathering
semeval2013.d000.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shows" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the gather
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the gather
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "draft" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the gather
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proposals" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "paper" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the gathering
semeval2013.d000.s025.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "e-mail" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the following sentence: The sheer sprawl of the gather
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intensity" in the following sentence: The intensity is only building : nearly
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d000.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Wednesday" in the following sentence: The intensity is only building :
semeval2013.d000.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Copenhagen" in the following sentence: The intensity is only building : nearly
semeval2013.d000.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d000.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: I'm an assistant professor at the
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: We're getting into the big leagues
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "heavyweights" in the following sentence: The heavyweights are coming
semeval2013.d001.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "victory" in the following sentence: Baskonia gives away a victory
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Israel" in the following sentence: Baskonia gives away a victory in
semeval2013.d001.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "victory" in the following sentence: Caja Laboral achieved a st
semeval2013.d001.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "visit" in the following sentence: Caja Laboral achieved a stunning
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Caja Laboral achieved a stunning
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performance" in the following sentence: Caja Laboral achieved a stunning
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Caja Laboral achieved a stunning
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: Caja Laboral achieved a stunning
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bottom" in the following sentence: The newest addition to the family is a
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "group" in the following sentence: Caja Laboral achieved a stunning
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: The Vitorian team knew to make up
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involvement" in the following sentence: The Vitorian team knew to
semeval2013.d001.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "teamwork" in the following sentence: The Vitorian team knew to make
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: The Vitorian team knew to make up
semeval2013.d001.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "victory" in the following sentence: The Vitorian team knew to
semeval2013.d001.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "success" in the following sentence: Additionally, their huge success from the sidel
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sidelines" in the following sentence: Additionally, their huge success from the
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lot" in the following sentence: Additionally, their huge success from the sidel
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: The game started out in favor of the Az
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favor" in the following sentence: The game started out in favor of the
semeval2013.d001.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d001.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "baskets" in the following sentence: As Vitora's first
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d001.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "net" in the following sentence: As Vitora's first four b
semeval2013.d001.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wrists" in the following sentence: As Vitora's first
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scorers" in the following sentence: English and Teletovic were the
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: English and Teletovic were the main sc
semeval2013.d001.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quarter" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the same
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the same,
semeval2013.d001.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the same,
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the same,
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "whistles" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the
semeval2013.d001.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "applause" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "return" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the same,
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "home" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the same,
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lead" in the following sentence: The second quarter was more of the same
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Teletovic had already begun to stand out
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: Teletovic had already begun to stand out
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: Teletovic had already begun to stand out
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "night" in the following sentence: Teletovic had already begun to stand out
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: Despite being headed for halftime,
semeval2013.d001.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d001.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hand" in the following sentence: But the game, despite being headed for
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pressure" in the following sentence: But the game, despite being headed
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: Despite being headed for halftime,
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2013.d001.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "return" in the following sentence: Eidson and Pnini played a
semeval2013.d001.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "light" in the following sentence: Eidson and Pnini played a
semeval2013.d001.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: Ivanovic's players, injured
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "couple" in the following sentence: Ivanovic's players, injured
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "plays" in the following sentence: Ivanovic's players, injured but
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant, who had been working on
semeval2013.d001.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lead" in the following sentence: Ivanovic's players, injured
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Ivanovic's players, injured but
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: Ivanovic's players, injured but
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quarter" in the following sentence: Ivanovic's players, injured
semeval2013.d001.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "period" in the following sentence: The Alavas worked themselves to the b
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: The Alavas worked themselves to the
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: However, Pnini and Eidson
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: However, Pnini and Eidson
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "line" in the following sentence: However, Pnini and Eidson
semeval2013.d001.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Despite this, and with Splitter fouling
semeval2013.d001.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "last minute" in the following sentence: In spite of this, and with Split
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: Despite this, and with Splitter fouling
semeval2013.d001.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "victory" in the following sentence: Despite this, and with Splitter
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Despite this, and with Splitter fouling
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "season" in the following sentence: In spite of this, and with Splitter
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d002.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "momentum" in the following sentence: Wall Street closes without momentum,
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dollar" in the following sentence: Wall Street closes without momentum, slow
semeval2013.d002.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "New York Stock Exchange" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "heading" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed with no
semeval2013.d002.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Friday" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed with
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "market" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed with no particular
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "indicators" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed with
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed with
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dollar" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed with no
semeval2013.d002.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Dow Jones" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed with
semeval2013.d002.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "NASDAQ" in the following sentence: The New York Stock Exchange closed
semeval2013.d002.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The new 2021
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "figures" in the following sentence: According to final closing figures, the Dow
semeval2013.d002.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones
semeval2013.d002.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones
semeval2013.d002.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "NASDAQ" in the following sentence: According to final closing figures,
semeval2013.d002.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "technology" in the following sentence: According to final closing figures, the Dow
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "predominance" in the following sentence: According to final closing figures, the
semeval2013.d002.s002.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "point" in the following sentence: According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones
semeval2013.d002.s002.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: According to final closing figures, the Dow Jones
semeval2013.d002.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: The wider Standard &amp; Poor '
semeval2013.d002.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: The wider Standard &amp; Poor '
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "market" in the following sentence: Frankly, the market is very calm,
semeval2013.d002.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "narrow margin" in the following sentence: It remains within a narrow margin ;
semeval2013.d002.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "volumes" in the following sentence: It remains within a narrow margin ; trad
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: It remains within a narrow margin; trading
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: It remains within a narrow margin ; trading
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: It remains within a narrow margin ; trading
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trend" in the following sentence: The trend was supported by the publication
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "publication" in the following sentence: The trend was supported by the publication
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "indicators" in the following sentence: The trend was supported by the
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "market" in the following sentence: The trend was supported by the publication of
semeval2013.d002.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The company has appointed a new assistant to
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "relation" in the following sentence: The trend was supported by the publication of
semeval2013.d002.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship was able to float on
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recovery" in the following sentence: The trend was supported by the publication
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "analysts" in the following sentence: The trend was supported by the
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States" in the following sentence: In the United States, retail
semeval2013.d002.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sales" in the following sentence: In the United States, retail sales
semeval2013.d002.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: The 2021 FIFA World Cup
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "row" in the following sentence: In the United States, retail sales have
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "confidence" in the following sentence: Moreover, the confidence of American consumers
semeval2013.d002.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was able to provide the necessary
semeval2013.d002.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "December" in the following sentence: Moreover, the confidence of American consumers
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "month" in the following sentence: Moreover, the confidence of American consumers has
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "estimates" in the following sentence: Moreover, the confidence of American consum
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "index" in the following sentence: Moreover, the confidence of American consumers has
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "indices" in the following sentence: The indices have, however, been slow
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rise" in the following sentence: The indices have, however, been slow
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dollar" in the following sentence: The indices have, however, been slow
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "low" in the following sentence: The indices have, however, been slowed
semeval2013.d002.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Euro" in the following sentence: The indices have, however, been slow
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pressure" in the following sentence: The indices have, however, been slow
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sector" in the following sentence: The indices have, however, been slow
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "situation" in the following sentence: The indices have, however, been
semeval2013.d002.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "securities" in the following sentence: Technology securities have thereby lost
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Treasury" in the following sentence: Treasury 10-
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bond" in the following sentence: Treasury 10-year
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "yields" in the following sentence: Treasury 10-
semeval2013.d002.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evening" in the following sentence: Treasury 10-year
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bond" in the following sentence: Treasury 10-year
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "yields" in the following sentence: Treasury 10-
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evening" in the following sentence: Treasury 10-year
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deals" in the following sentence: Iraqi Oil Ministry reaches deals
semeval2013.d003.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "concerns" in the following sentence: Despite concerns about violence and political
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: Despite concerns about violence and political inst
semeval2013.d003.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oil companies" in the following sentence: Despite concerns about violence and political inst
semeval2013.d003.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "infrastructure" in the following sentence: Despite concerns about violence and political inst
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d003.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Saturday" in the following sentence: Despite concerns about violence and political instability
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deals" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the Ira
semeval2013.d003.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oil companies" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "China" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the Ira
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Russia" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the Ira
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oil" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the Ira
semeval2013.d003.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firm" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the Ira
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the Ira
semeval2013.d003.s002.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the
semeval2013.d003.s002.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oil industry" in the following sentence: The 10 deals the
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: American companies walked away with stakes
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stakes" in the following sentence: American companies walked away with stakes in
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fields" in the following sentence: American companies walked away with stakes in just
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: Seven American companies had paid to particip
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d003.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: Two American companies reached deals for
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deals" in the following sentence: Two American companies reached deals for fields
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fields" in the following sentence: Two American companies reached deals for fields au
semeval2013.d003.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "June" in the following sentence: Two American companies reached deals for fields
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "representation" in the following sentence: The meager representation of American oil gi
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oil" in the following sentence: The meager representation of American oil gi
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "giants" in the following sentence: The meager representation of American oil gi
semeval2013.d003.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the following sentence: The meager representation of American oil
semeval2013.d003.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oil industry" in the following sentence: The meager representation of American oil
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "analysts" in the following sentence: The meager representation of American oil
semeval2013.d003.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doors" in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after six
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after six
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after
semeval2013.d003.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after six years
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "editor" in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after six years
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "news" in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after six years
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "outlet" in the following sentence: Iraq finally opened its doors after six
semeval2013.d003.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d003.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offer" in the following sentence: It will be a long time before anything
semeval2013.d003.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the following sentence: It will be a long time before
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "security" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, underscored
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bombings" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, unders
semeval2013.d003.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Tuesday" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, unders
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "instability" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, underscor
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence: Concerns over security, unders
semeval2013.d003.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "military" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, unders
semeval2013.d003.s010.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oil companies" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, unders
semeval2013.d003.s010.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, unders
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, underscored
semeval2013.d003.s010.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reserves" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, underscor
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "analysts" in the following sentence: Concerns over security, unders
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence: U.S. firms were
semeval2013.d003.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firm" in the following sentence: U.S. Firms were in
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cases" in the following sentence: U.S. firms were in some
semeval2013.d003.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disadvantage" in the following sentence: U.S. Firms were
semeval2013.d003.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: U.S. firms were
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "energy" in the following sentence: U.S. firms were in some
semeval2013.d003.s011.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firm" in the following sentence: U.S. Firms were in
semeval2013.d003.s011.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "risks" in the following sentence: U.S. Firms were in
semeval2013.d003.s011.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: Exxon-Mobil and
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deals" in the following sentence: Exxon-Mobil and Occ
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ministry" in the following sentence: Exxon-Mobil and Occ
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "U.S." in the following sentence: Major U.S. firms
semeval2013.d003.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firm" in the following sentence: Major U.S. Firms such
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d003.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: Major U.S. firms such
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: Russian companies Lukoil and
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "contracts" in the following sentence: Russian companies Lukoil and
semeval2013.d003.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weekend" in the following sentence: Russian companies Lukoil and Gaz
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bill" in the following sentence: The bill was passed by the House of
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "contracts" in the following sentence: State-owned China National Petrole
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: State-owned China National Petroleum Corporation
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stakes" in the following sentence: State-owned China National Petroleum
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "contracts" in the following sentence: State-owned China National Petrole
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fields" in the following sentence: State-owned China National Petroleum Corporation
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "China" in the following sentence: We all know that China is on track
semeval2013.d003.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "track" in the following sentence: We all know that China is on track to
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "power" in the following sentence: We all know that China is on track to
semeval2013.d003.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spokesman" in the following sentence: We all know that China is on
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: We feel confident that the Chinese company will be
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d003.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d003.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Iraq" in the following sentence: We feel confident that the Chinese company
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Companies" in the following sentence: Companies pre-selected to
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bids" in the following sentence: Companies pre-selected to submit
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offers" in the following sentence: Companies pre-selected to submit
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "barrel" in the following sentence: Companies pre-selected to submit
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ministry" in the following sentence: Companies pre-selected to submit
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "output" in the following sentence: Companies pre-selected to submit b
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "levels" in the following sentence: Companies pre-selected to submit
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "field" in the following sentence: Companies pre-selected to submit b
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "banks" in the following sentence: US banks repay state supportCho
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: US banks repay state supportChoose
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: US banks repay state supportChoose
semeval2013.d004.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "US" in the following sentence: The crisis-hit US major banks are breaking
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "banks" in the following sentence: The crisis-hit US major banks are
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: The crisis-hit US major banks are breaking
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shackles" in the following sentence: The crisis-hit US major banks
semeval2013.d004.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Wednesday" in the following sentence: On Wednesday Bank of
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: On Wednesday Bank of America repa
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bank" in the following sentence: On Wednesday Bank of America repa
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "amount" in the following sentence: On Wednesday Bank of America repa
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reports" in the following sentence: And, according to reports from US broad
semeval2013.d004.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "US" in the following sentence: And, according to reports from US broadc
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "broadcaster" in the following sentence: And, according to reports from
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: And, according to reports from US broadc
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: And, according to reports from US broadc
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "institutions" in the following sentence: The institutions thereby want to wig
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "money" in the following sentence: The institutions thereby want to wiggle
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "manager" in the following sentence: The institutions thereby want to wiggle themselves
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d004.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "loans" in the following sentence: Bank of America had raised some USD
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rest" in the following sentence: The rest of the amount was taken from its
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "amount" in the following sentence: The rest of the amount was taken from its
semeval2013.d004.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kitty" in the following sentence: The rest of the amount was taken
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sale" in the following sentence: The rest of the amount was taken from
semeval2013.d004.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "business" in the following sentence: The rest of the amount was taken from
semeval2013.d004.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "units" in the following sentence: The rest of the amount was taken from
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Bank" in the following sentence: Bank head Kenneth Lewis extended his express thanks
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bank" in the following sentence: The bank overstretched at the height
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "height" in the following sentence: The bank overstretched at the height
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crisis" in the following sentence: The bank overstretched at
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "investment" in the following sentence: The bank overstretched at
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bank" in the following sentence: The bank overstretched at the height
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cash" in the following sentence: Citigroup also plans to raise c
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "state" in the following sentence: Citigroup also plans to raise cash
semeval2013.d004.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d004.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "US" in the following sentence: Already on Thursday, the US
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bank" in the following sentence: Already on Thursday, the US
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "capital" in the following sentence: Already on Thursday, the
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increase" in the following sentence: Already on Thursday,
semeval2013.d004.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The company has appointed a new assistant to
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d004.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: A Citigroup spokesman decl
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Ch
semeval2013.d004.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Appeal" in the following sentence: Cheshire Appeal Will
semeval2013.d005.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "half a dozen" in the following sentence: There were half a dozen of them
semeval2013.d005.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reports" in the following sentence: Minute by minute, they sent out
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: In the end, the defense says, there
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trial" in the following sentence: In the end, the defense says,
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "children" in the following sentence: In the end, the defense says, there
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "beds" in the following sentence: In the end, the defense says,
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "house" in the following sentence: In the end, the defense says, there
semeval2013.d005.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Thursday" in the following sentence: On Thursday, the widely
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trial" in the following sentence: On Thursday, the widely followed
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "members" in the following sentence: On Thursday, the widely followed trial
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "family" in the following sentence: On Thursday, the widely followed trial
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: On Thursday, the widely followed trial
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "judge" in the following sentence: On Thursday, the widely followed
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "imposition" in the following sentence: On Thursday, the widely followed
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jury" in the following sentence: On Thursday, the widely followed
semeval2013.d005.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: But lawyers for Mr. Hayes
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "filings" in the following sentence: But lawyers for Mr. Hay
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courts" in the following sentence: But lawyers for Mr.
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: But lawyers for Mr. Hay
semeval2013.d005.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reporting" in the following sentence: One of the most provocative is that
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trial" in the following sentence: One of the most provocative is that
semeval2013.d005.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reporters" in the following sentence: One of the most provocative is
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: One of the most provocative is that the
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "circus" in the following sentence: One of the most provocative is that
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "atmosphere" in the following sentence: One of the most provocative is
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "details" in the following sentence: One of the most provocative is that the
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jury" in the following sentence: One of the most provocative is that
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claim" in the following sentence: The claim could force appeals judges
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appeals" in the following sentence: The claim could force appeals judges
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "judges" in the following sentence: The claim could force appeals judges
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "question" in the following sentence: The claim could force appeals judges to
semeval2013.d005.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courthouse" in the following sentence: The courtroom was packed
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: The claim could force appeals judges to
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trial" in the following sentence: "As I experienced it during this trial
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "danger" in the following sentence: "As I experienced it during this trial
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inclusion" in the following sentence: "As I experienced it during this trial
semeval2013.d005.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courtroom" in the following sentence: "As I experienced it during this trial
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "individual" in the following sentence: "As I experienced it during this trial
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rights" in the following sentence: "As I experienced it during this trial
semeval2013.d005.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: "Their floating, unstable
semeval2013.d005.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain, who
semeval2013.d005.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "State" in the following sentence: The trial judge, Jon C. Blue of
semeval2013.d005.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Superior Court" in the following sentence: The trial judge, Jon C.
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence: The trial judge, Jon C.
semeval2013.d005.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ruling" in the following sentence: The trial judge, Jon C. Blue
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "week" in the following sentence: The trial judge, Jon C. Blue of
semeval2013.d005.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "news media" in the following sentence: The trial judge, Jon C. Blue
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "evidence" in the following sentence: The trial judge, Jon C. Blue
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jury" in the following sentence: The trial judge, Jon C. Blue
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "last word" in the following sentence: But that is not likely to be the
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issue" in the following sentence: But that is not likely to be the last
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "coverage" in the following sentence: For decades, appeals courts have
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cases" in the following sentence: For decades, appeals courts have recognized
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "questions" in the following sentence: For decades, appeals courts have recognized
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trial" in the following sentence: For decades, appeals courts have
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fairness" in the following sentence: For decades, appeals courts
semeval2013.d005.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ruling" in the following sentence: In a landmark 196
semeval2013.d005.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States Supreme Court" in the following sentence: In a landmark
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conviction" in the following sentence: In a landmark 196
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Cleveland" in the following sentence: In a landmark 196
semeval2013.d005.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "osteopath" in the following sentence: In a landmark 1
semeval2013.d005.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "murder" in the following sentence: In a landmark 19
semeval2013.d005.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wife" in the following sentence: In a landmark 196
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The company's new product is an
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "carnival" in the following sentence: In a landmark 19
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "atmosphere" in the following sentence: In a landmark 19
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trial" in the following sentence: In a landmark 196
semeval2013.d005.s012.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "news media" in the following sentence: In a landmark 196
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crime" in the following sentence: The crime is believed by some to have
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "inspiration" in the following sentence: The crime is believed by some to
semeval2013.d005.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "television show" in the following sentence: The crime is believed by some to
semeval2013.d005.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d005.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conviction" in the following sentence: Some lawyers said appeals courts
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "argument" in the following sentence: Some lawyers said appeals courts review
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: Some lawyers said appeals courts review
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ways" in the following sentence: Some lawyers said appeals courts review
semeval2013.d005.s014.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s014.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Some lawyers said appeals courts review
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: Some lawyers said appeals courts review
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "concern" in the following sentence: "There is a general reason for
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impact" in the following sentence: "There is a general reason for concern
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trials" in the following sentence: "There is a general reason for concern
semeval2013.d005.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "professor" in the following sentence: "There is a general reason for concern
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Connecticut" in the following sentence: "There is a general reason for concern
semeval2013.d005.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "death penalty" in the following sentence: "There is a general reason for
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: "There is a general reason for concern about
semeval2013.d005.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Professor" in the following sentence: Professor Donohue said some appe
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appeals" in the following sentence: Professor Donohue said some appeals
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "judges" in the following sentence: Professor Donohue said some appeals
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "idea" in the following sentence: Professor Donohue said some appeals jud
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "communication" in the following sentence: Professor Donohue said some appeals
semeval2013.d005.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trials" in the following sentence: Professor Donohue said some appeals
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issue" in the following sentence: The Twitter issue is just one of many out
semeval2013.d005.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The Twitter issue is just one of many
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2013.d005.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "example" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers also claim, for
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Judge" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers also claim
semeval2013.d005.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jurors" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers also claim
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reaction" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers also claim,
semeval2013.d005.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "photographs" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers also
semeval2013.d005.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jurors" in the following sentence: Some of the jurors have said
semeval2013.d005.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "photographs" in the following sentence: Some of the jurors have
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "victims" in the following sentence: Some of the jurors have said
semeval2013.d005.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "daughters" in the following sentence: Some of the jurors have said
semeval2013.d005.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "death penalty" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers say they
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "judge" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers say they will
semeval2013.d005.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "juror" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers say they
semeval2013.d005.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prosecutors" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers say they
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pressure" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers say they will
semeval2013.d005.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "verdict" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers say they will
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jury" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers say they will
semeval2013.d005.s020.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weekend" in the following sentence: The defense lawyers say they will
semeval2013.d005.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "jurors" in the following sentence: The jurors were not sequest
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effect" in the following sentence: But their arguments about the effect of the inten
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "coverage" in the following sentence: But their arguments about the effect of the
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trial" in the following sentence: But their arguments about the effect of the
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interest" in the following sentence: But their arguments about the effect of the
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the following sentence: They noted in a challenge to the ver
semeval2013.d005.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "verdict" in the following sentence: They noted in a challenge to the ver
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: The 2021-20
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: They noted in a challenge to the verdict
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "news" in the following sentence: They noted in a challenge to the verdict
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Connecticut" in the following sentence: They noted in a challenge to the ver
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "election" in the following sentence: They noted in a challenge to the ver
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "candidates" in the following sentence: They noted in a challenge to the
semeval2013.d005.s023.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States Senate" in the following sentence: They noted in a challenge to
semeval2013.d005.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2013.d005.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crush" in the following sentence: "The daily crush of media twe
semeval2013.d005.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cameras" in the following sentence: "The daily crush of media
semeval2013.d005.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reporters" in the following sentence: "The daily crush of media
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courthouse" in the following sentence: "The daily crush of
semeval2013.d005.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d005.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "focus" in the following sentence: Their focus on the Twitter coverage is controversial
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interviews" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists said
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "journalists" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claim" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists said
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "news" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists said the
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reports" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists said
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists said the
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists said the
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "coverage" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists said
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trials" in the following sentence: In interviews, some journalists said
semeval2013.d005.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arguments" in the following sentence: But some lawyers said appeals courts
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "adaptation" in the following sentence: But some lawyers said appe
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "courts" in the following sentence: But some lawyers said appe
semeval2013.d005.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claim" in the following sentence: Mr. Hayes's lawy
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Supreme Court" in the following sentence: In their filing, they
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "consolidate" in the following sentence: The company has consolidated
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trial" in the following sentence: In their filing, they referred to
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "coverage" in the following sentence: In their filing, they referred to
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: In their filing, they referred to the
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: "This case, '' they wrote, ''
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d006.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Sport" in the following sentence: Sport and fraud lawChoose
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: Sport and fraud lawChoose the
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Tricks" in the following sentence: Tricks such as those of Alonso
semeval2013.d006.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wittiness" in the following sentence: Tricks such as those of Al
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "will" in the following sentence: Tricks such as those of Alonso and
semeval2013.d006.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "expulsion" in the following sentence: The expulsion presumably forged by
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: The expulsion presumably forged by
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: The expulsion presumably forged by two
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ink" in the following sentence: The expulsion presumably forged by two
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "behavior" in the following sentence: The expulsion presumably forged by
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: The expulsion presumably forged by
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: As we all know, a few minutes
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "end" in the following sentence: As we all know, a few minutes before
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: As we all know, a few minutes before
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: As we all know, a few minutes before
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: As we all know, a few minutes
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: As we all know, a few minutes before
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a young woman who had
semeval2013.d006.s003.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "card" in the following sentence: As we all know, a few minutes before
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: This way, and since Real Madrid will finish
semeval2013.d006.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leader" in the following sentence: This way, and since Real Madrid will
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "group" in the following sentence: This way, and since Real Madrid will finish
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: This way, and since Real Madrid will
semeval2013.d006.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sanction" in the following sentence: This way, and since Real Madrid will
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: This way, and since Real Madrid will finish
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "league" in the following sentence: This way, and since Real Madrid will
semeval2013.d006.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bear" in the following sentence: The bear was a majestic creature with
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phase" in the following sentence: This way, and since Real Madrid will finish
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant of the company has been appointed
semeval2013.d006.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discipline" in the following sentence: Finally, the committee of discipline of
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "games" in the following sentence: The committee of discipline of the UEFA has
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trainer" in the following sentence: Finally, the committee of discipline of the
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: The team of discipline of the UEFA has san
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: Finally, the committee of discipline of the
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of emotions that
semeval2013.d006.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "card" in the following sentence: The provocation of a yellow card in similar
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "practice" in the following sentence: The provocation of a yellow card
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: The provocation of a yellow card in similar
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "football" in the following sentence: The provocation of a yellow card in similar
semeval2013.d006.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ethos" in the following sentence: It is so extended that it part of
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: It is so extended that it part of the
semeval2013.d006.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sport" in the following sentence: It is so extended that it part of
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Part" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arisen in the related
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dramatization" in the following sentence: The dramatization orchestr
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the related
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fact" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the related
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the related
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organization" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the
semeval2013.d006.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hymn" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nobility" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "honor" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "acts" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the
semeval2013.d006.s008.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dramatization" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arisen
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "history" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the related
semeval2013.d006.s008.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "technician" in the following sentence: Part of the debate arising in the
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "type" in the following sentence: The debate deals with if that type of
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "behavior" in the following sentence: The debate deals with if that type
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "principles" in the following sentence:Anyway, the debate
semeval2013.d006.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sport" in the following sentence:Anyway, the debate de
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence:Anyway, the debate deals
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence:Anyway, the debate deals
semeval2013.d006.s009.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sport" in the following sentence:Anyway, the debate de
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "regulation" in the following sentence:Anyway, the debate de
semeval2013.d006.s009.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sense" in the following sentence: The debate deals with if that type
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "matter" in the following sentence: The matter examines the type of damage
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "type" in the following sentence: The matter examines the type of damage that
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spirit" in the following sentence: The matter examines the type of damage
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a great help to me
semeval2013.d006.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sport" in the following sentence: One of the advantages that include the sport
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spirit" in the following sentence: One of the advantages that include the sport
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: One of the advantages that include the sport
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "aspect" in the following sentence: One of the advantages that include the sport
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence: One of the advantages that include the sport spirit
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "danger" in the following sentence: One of the advantages that include the sport
semeval2013.d006.s011.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: One of the advantages that include the sport spirit
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favorable" in the following sentence: The company's new product is
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Another of these advantages to which it is all
semeval2013.d006.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: Another of these advantages to which it is
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advantage" in the following sentence: Another of these advantages to which it is
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Another of these advantages to which it is all
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "thing" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical thing about
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "action" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical thing about
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical thing
semeval2013.d006.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "legal fraud" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical
semeval2013.d006.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical thing about
semeval2013.d006.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sanction" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical thing
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "action" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical thing about
semeval2013.d006.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "punishment" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "referee" in the following sentence: However, the paradoxical thing
semeval2013.d006.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: She is an excellent assistant to me.
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "question" in the following sentence: Another question is what type of advantage the viol
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "type" in the following sentence: Another question is what type of advantage the viol
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advantage" in the following sentence: Another question is what type of advantage the
semeval2013.d006.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence: Another question is what type of advantage the viol
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "situation" in the following sentence: Here it seems necessary to state that
semeval2013.d006.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a person who helps the
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: Here it seems necessary to state that it is
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "result" in the following sentence: Here it seems necessary to state that it is
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "action" in the following sentence: Here it seems necessary to state that it is
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Here it seems necessary to state that it is
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: Here it seems necessary to state that it
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "strategy" in the following sentence: And neither is it a useful strategy for
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: And neither is it a useful strategy for the
semeval2013.d006.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "club" in the following sentence: And neither is it a useful strategy for the
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: And neither is it a useful strategy for
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant, who was responsible for the
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: The advantage, obviously, consists in the
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phase" in the following sentence: The advantage, obviously, consists in the fact
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Championship" in the following sentence: The advantage, obviously, consists in
semeval2013.d006.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bearer" in the following sentence: The advantage, obviously, consists in
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant, who was responsible for the
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: The advantage, obviously, consists in the fact
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "term" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage,
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advantage" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2013.d006.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "indetermination" in the following sentence: But it is about a long
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage,
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "change" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage,
semeval2013.d006.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "addition" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "action" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage,
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage
semeval2013.d006.s019.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sanction" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage,
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d006.s019.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cards" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage,
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suspension" in the following sentence: But it is about a long
semeval2013.d006.s019.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "card" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage,
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "accumulation" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term
semeval2013.d006.s019.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "place" in the following sentence: But it is about a long term advantage,
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rounds" in the following sentence: So that, by passing rounds,
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a great asset to the
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence: Those actions are really against the sporting spirit
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spirit" in the following sentence: Those actions are really against the sporting
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "part" in the following sentence: The actions are really against the sporting spirit
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d006.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: Those actions are really against the sporting spirit
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assumption" in the following sentence: Regarding this assumption, the players did not
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: Regarding this assumption, the players did not
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "application" in the following sentence: Regarding this assumption, the players did not act
semeval2013.d006.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sanction" in the following sentence: Regarding this assumption, the players did not
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: Regarding this assumption, the players did not act
semeval2013.d006.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: They are the best assistant for me.
semeval2013.d006.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: They are the best assistant for me.
semeval2013.d006.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d006.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wittiness" in the following sentence: Although the border between the witt
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: Although the border between the wittiness and
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fair" in the following sentence: The fair price for the property is $
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "occasion" in the following sentence: Although the border between the wittiness
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: Although the border between the wittiness and
semeval2013.d006.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wittiness" in the following sentence: Although the border between the witt
semeval2013.d006.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose to
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "factors" in the following sentence: The controversy seems to arise from two
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: The controversy seems to arise from two factors
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "transmission" in the following sentence: The controversy seems to arise from two
semeval2013.d006.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "directive" in the following sentence: The controversy seems to arise from two
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "principles" in the following sentence: The damage brought about to the principles
semeval2013.d006.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sport" in the following sentence: The damage brought about to the principles of
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence: The damage brought about to the principles of the
semeval2013.d007.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "possibility" in the following sentence: Arsenic-tolerant micro
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "types" in the following sentence: Arsenic-tolerant microbe
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: The discovery of a strange bacter
semeval2013.d007.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bacteria" in the following sentence: The discovery of a strange bacter
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence: The discovery of a strange bacter
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scope" in the following sentence: The discovery of a strange bacteria that
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "forms" in the following sentence: The discovery of a strange bacteria that
semeval2013.d007.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the following sentence: While researchers discovered the unusual b
semeval2013.d007.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bacteria" in the following sentence: While researchers discovered the unusual b
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the following sentence: While researchers discovered the unusual bacter
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: While researchers discovered the unusual bacteria
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "elements" in the following sentence: While researchers discovered the unusual bacteria
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organism" in the following sentence: "This organism has dual capability
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: "I am an assistant to the CE
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence: "It can grow with either ph
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence: "It can grow with either ph
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "form" in the following sentence: "That makes it very peculiar, though it
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: "That makes it very peculiar, though it
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: "That makes it very peculiar, though it
semeval2013.d007.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Thursday" in the following sentence: "That makes it very peculiar,
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: "I am an assistant, not a
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "journal" in the following sentence: "That makes it very peculiar, though
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "elements" in the following sentence: Six major elements have long been considered essential for
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: Six major elements have long been considered essential for
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "carbon" in the following sentence: Six major elements have long been considered essential
semeval2013.d007.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oxygen" in the following sentence: Six major elements have long been considered
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence: Six major elements have long been considered
semeval2013.d007.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sulfur" in the following sentence: Six major elements have long been considered
semeval2013.d007.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the following sentence: But the researchers found that the
semeval2013.d007.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bacteria" in the following sentence: But the researchers found that the
semeval2013.d007.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence: But the researchers found that the
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: "It makes you wonder what else is possible
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "search" in the following sentence: The find is important in the search for life
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: The find is important in the search for life
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the following sentence: The find is important in the search for
semeval2013.d007.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for providing support and
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: The find is important in the search for life
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: The find is important in the search for life
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d007.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "microbe" in the following sentence: The study focuses on a micro
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the following sentence: The study focuses on a microbe
semeval2013.d007.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a young woman with long
semeval2013.d007.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "news conference" in the following sentence: However, the announcement of a news
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "details" in the following sentence: However, the announcement of a news conference
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d007.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Internet" in the following sentence: However, the announcement of a news conference
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: The report revealed that the company had been under
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: However, the announcement of a
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: The discovery " does show that in
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "environments" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in other
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organisms" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in other
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "elements" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in other planet
semeval2013.d007.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "biochemistry" in the following sentence: The discovery " does show that in
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "set" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in other planet
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "elements" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in other planet
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in other planet
semeval2013.d007.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "professor" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in other
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Space" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in other planet
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Sciences" in the following sentence: The discovery "does show that in
semeval2013.d007.s013.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Open University" in the following sentence: The discovery " does show that in other
semeval2013.d007.s013.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United Kingdom" in the following sentence: The discovery " does show that in
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was not present.Cho
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Cockell was not part of the research
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: "This work is novel because it shows the
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: "The boat floated on the
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "element" in the following sentence: "This work is novel because it shows the
semeval2013.d007.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discovery" in the following sentence: It wasn't a chance
semeval2013.d007.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "NASA" in the following sentence: Felisa Wolfe-Simon
semeval2013.d007.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Astrobiology" in the following sentence: Felisa Wolfe-
semeval2013.d007.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "study" in the following sentence: Felisa Wolfe-Simon of
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Arsenic" in the following sentence: Arsenic and phosphorus
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence: Arsenic and phosphorus
semeval2013.d007.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "microbe" in the following sentence: Arsenic and phosphorus
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Arsenic" in the following sentence: "Arsenic is toxic
semeval2013.d007.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chemical" in the following sentence: "Arsenic is toxic mainly
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "behavior" in the following sentence: "Arsenic is toxic mainly
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence: "Arsenic is toxic
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "result" in the following sentence: "As a result, organisms have a
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organisms" in the following sentence: "As a result, organisms have
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hard time" in the following sentence: "As a result, organisms have
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "elements" in the following sentence: "As a result, organisms have a
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "salt" in the following sentence: "The salt in the water is dissol
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence: "But arsenic is different
semeval2013.d007.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "machinery" in the following sentence: "But arsenic is
semeval2013.d007.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the following sentence: The researchers collected the bacter
semeval2013.d007.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bacteria" in the following sentence: The researchers collected the bacter
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "concentrations" in the following sentence: The researchers collected the b
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "salt" in the following sentence: The researchers collected the bacteria
semeval2013.d007.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "microbe" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "possibility" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on ph
semeval2013.d007.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life form" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on ph
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on ph
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "planet" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on ph
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "moon" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on ph
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence: The microbe does grow better on
semeval2013.d007.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant professor" in the following sentence: Jamie S. Foster,
semeval2013.d007.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "microbiology" in the following sentence: Jamie S. Foster
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "idea" in the following sentence: Jamie S. Foster, an assistant
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arsenic" in the following sentence: Jamie S. Foster,
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "phosphorus" in the following sentence: Jamie S. Foster,
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "example" in the following sentence: Jamie S. Foster, an assistant
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Arsenic" in the following sentence: Arsenic was more common in
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "times" in the following sentence: Arsenic was more common in the early
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the following sentence: Arsenic was more common in the
semeval2013.d007.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "researchers" in the following sentence: Arsenic was more common in
semeval2013.d007.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ways" in the following sentence: "It does suggest that that there could be
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: "It does suggest that that there could be
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "life" in the following sentence: "It does suggest that that there could be
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Earth" in the following sentence: "It does suggest that that there could
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "part" in the following sentence: "It does suggest that that there could be
semeval2013.d007.s026.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: "It does suggest that that there could
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: "It does suggest that that there could be
semeval2013.d007.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "research" in the following sentence: The research was supported by NASA, the
semeval2013.d007.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "NASA" in the following sentence: The research was supported by NASA,
semeval2013.d007.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Department of Energy" in the following sentence: The research was supported by
semeval2013.d007.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "National Institutes of Health" in the following sentence: The research was supported by
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Support" in the following sentence: Support for democracy in Latin America continues to
semeval2013.d008.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the following sentence: Support for democracy in Latin America continues
semeval2013.d008.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Latin America" in the following sentence: Support for democracy in Latin America
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "backing" in the following sentence: Support for democracy in Latin America continues
semeval2013.d008.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "private enterprise" in the following sentence: Support for democracy in Latin America
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "worry" in the following sentence: Crime has become a bigger worry than un
semeval2013.d008.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unemployment" in the following sentence: The unemployment rate has increased
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Brazil" in the following sentence: And Brazil is seen as more influ
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States" in the following sentence: And Brazil is seen as more influ
semeval2013.d008.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "region" in the following sentence: And Brazil is seen as more influential than
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "poll" in the following sentence: Those are some of the findings of
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: Those are some of the findings of
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "poll" in the following sentence: Because the poll has been taken regularly since
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attitude" in the following sentence: Because the poll has been taken regularly since
semeval2013.d008.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "region" in the following sentence: Because the poll has been taken regularly since
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "things" in the following sentence: Two related things stand out in the results
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "results" in the following sentence: Two related things stand out in the results of
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Two related things stand out in the results of
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "poll" in the following sentence: Two related things stand out in the results
semeval2013.d008.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mood" in the following sentence: The first is Latin America's fairly
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "second" in the following sentence: The second is the increasing stability of attitudes
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firmness" in the following sentence: The second is the increasing firmness
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attitudes" in the following sentence: The second is the increasing stability of att
semeval2013.d008.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the following sentence: The second is the increasing stability of att
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "institutions" in the following sentence: The second is the increasing stability of
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Support" in the following sentence: Support for democracy has risen noticeably
semeval2013.d008.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the following sentence: Support for democracy has risen notice
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: Support for democracy has risen notice
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "South America" in the following sentence: Support for democracy has risen
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "table" in the following sentence: Support for democracy has risen noticeably
semeval2013.d008.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "example" in the following sentence: For example in Peru, where economic growth has
semeval2013.d008.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Peru" in the following sentence: For example in Peru, where economic growth
semeval2013.d008.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economic growth" in the following sentence: For example in Peru, where
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: For example in Peru, where economic growth has
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: For example in Peru, where economic growth has
semeval2013.d008.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the following sentence: For example in Peru, where economic growth
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "low" in the following sentence: For example in Peru, where economic growth has
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: For example in Peru, where economic growth has
semeval2013.d008.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the following sentence: It also rose in Mexico, where
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economy" in the following sentence: It also rose in Mexico, where
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drop" in the following sentence: It also rose in Mexico, where the economy
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "output" in the following sentence: It also rose in Mexico, where the economy
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: It also rose in Mexico, where the economy
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the following sentence: But only around half of respondents
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Brazil" in the following sentence: But only around half of respondents
semeval2013.d008.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "region" in the following sentence: But only around half of respondents in Mexico
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: But only around half of respondents in
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chart" in the following sentence: But only around half of respondents in Mexico
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "respondents" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respondents
semeval2013.d008.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "region" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respondents across
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respondents across
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respondents
semeval2013.d008.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "practice" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respond
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "figure" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respondents across
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respondents across
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increase" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respond
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chart" in the following sentence: Some 44% of respondents across
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "confidence" in the following sentence: Some 34 % said they had
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: Some 34% said they had confidence
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Congress" in the following sentence: Some 34% said they
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: Some 34% said they
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Some 34 % said they had confidence
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cases" in the following sentence: Some 34% said they had confidence
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d008.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: A decade ago economic woes in Latin
semeval2013.d008.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "democracy" in the following sentence: A decade ago economic woes in
semeval2013.d008.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: That it has held up during the world financial
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: That it has held up during the world
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recession" in the following sentence: That it has held up during the
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recovery" in the following sentence: That it has held up during the world
semeval2013.d008.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "addition" in the following sentence: In addition, a stronger social safety net
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "safety net" in the following sentence: In addition, a stronger social
semeval2013.d008.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United Nations" in the following sentence: ( The United Nations'Economic
semeval2013.d008.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Economic Commission for Latin America" in the following sentence: ( The United
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "week" in the following sentence: ( The United Nations'Economic Commission for
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proportion" in the following sentence: ( The United Nations'Economic
semeval2013.d008.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "poverty" in the following sentence: ( The United Nations'Economic
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: ( The United Nations'Economic Commission for
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mood" in the following sentence: But the mood varies widely from
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: But the mood varies widely from country
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: But the mood varies widely from country
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chart" in the following sentence: But the mood varies widely from country
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Brazil" in the following sentence: Brazil's strong economic performance and
semeval2013.d008.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performance" in the following sentence: Brazil's strong economic performance and the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: Brazil's strong economic performance and the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sense" in the following sentence: Brazil's strong economic performance and the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "progress" in the following sentence: Brazil's strong economic performance and the popular
semeval2013.d008.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the following sentence: That is scarcer in Mexico and
semeval2013.d008.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recession" in the following sentence: That is scarcer in Mexico and
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crime" in the following sentence: That is scarcer in Mexico and Central
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the polls
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "polls" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "respondents" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the pol
semeval2013.d008.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Latin America" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "whole" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the pol
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crime" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the pol
semeval2013.d008.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unemployment" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the polls
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the polls
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chart" in the following sentence: For only the second time since the polls
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "relative" in the following sentence: Some 31% say that either they
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "victims" in the following sentence: Some 31% say that
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crime" in the following sentence: Some 31% say that either
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Some 31 % say that either they
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Some 31 % say that either they
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "figure" in the following sentence: Some 31% say that either they
semeval2013.d008.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performance" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected in
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "support" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected in rising
semeval2013.d008.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "private enterprise" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected
semeval2013.d008.s024.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "market economy" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected in
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "respondents" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected in
semeval2013.d008.s024.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "region" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected in rising
semeval2013.d008.s024.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "private enterprise" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "development" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected in rising
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chart" in the following sentence: A more robust economic performance is reflected in rising
semeval2013.d008.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "system" in the following sentence: Some 58% agree that the market
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: Some 58 % agree that the market
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Some 58 % agree that the market
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Venezuela" in the following sentence: Interestingly, 62%
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2013.d008.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "private enterprise" in the following sentence: Interestingly, 62%
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "president" in the following sentence: Interestingly, 62% of
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: Interestingly, 62%
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Brazil" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercis
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercises most
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "leadership" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercis
semeval2013.d008.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "region" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercises most
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "respondents" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercises
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercises most
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercis
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercises most
semeval2013.d008.s027.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Venezuela" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercis
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Brazil is the country which exercises most
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United States" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen as
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen as the most
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d008.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Mexico" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen as
semeval2013.d008.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Central America" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen as
semeval2013.d008.s028.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Venezuela" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen as
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "distinction" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen as the
semeval2013.d008.s028.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Ecuador" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen as the
semeval2013.d008.s028.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Dominican Republic" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen
semeval2013.d008.s028.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Nicaragua" in the following sentence: But the United States is seen
semeval2013.d009.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "healthcare" in the following sentence: Scalia and Thomas dine
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: Scalia and Thomas dine with health
semeval2013.d009.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "challengers" in the following sentence: Scalia and Thomas dine
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: Scalia and Thomas dine with health
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: Scalia and Thomas dine with health
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "day" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed doors
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Supreme Court" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "question" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed doors
semeval2013.d009.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed
semeval2013.d009.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "healthcare" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed doors
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "justices" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed
semeval2013.d009.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law firm" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed doors
semeval2013.d009.s001.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "high court" in the following sentence: The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed
semeval2013.d009.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "occasion" in the following sentence: The occasion was last Thursday,
semeval2013.d009.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conference" in the following sentence: The occasion was last Thursday,
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cases" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was a suit
semeval2013.d009.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issue" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was a suit
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suit" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was a suit
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "states" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was a suit
semeval2013.d009.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "healthcare" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "overhaul" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Congress" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was a suit
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue was a suit
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rallying cry" in the following sentence: One of the cases at issue
semeval2013.d009.s003.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "suit" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit;
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hour" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit ;
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "argument" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit;
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "March" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit
semeval2013.d009.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "outcome" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "race" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit ;
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "swing" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit ;
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit;
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: The justices agreed to hear the suit ;
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d009.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: The lawyer who will stand before the court and
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: The lawyer who will stand before the court and
semeval2013.d009.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "two dozen" in the following sentence: Clement's law firm, Banc
semeval2013.d009.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firm" in the following sentence: Clement's law firm, Banc
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the following sentence: Clement's law firm, Banc
semeval2013.d009.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firm" in the following sentence: Another firm that sponsored the dinner,
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the following sentence: Another firm that sponsored the dinner,
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: Another firm that sponsored the dinner, Jones
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sponsor" in the following sentence: Another sponsor was pharmace
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "giant" in the following sentence: Another sponsor was pharmaceut
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stake" in the following sentence: Another sponsor was pharmaceut
semeval2013.d009.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "outcome" in the following sentence: Another sponsor was pharmaceut
semeval2013.d009.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the following sentence: The dinner was held at a Washington hotel
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Washington" in the following sentence: The dinner was held at a Washington hotel
semeval2013.d009.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hotel" in the following sentence: The dinner was held at a Washington hotel
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: The dinner was held at a Washington hotel hours
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conference" in the following sentence: The dinner was held at a Washington hotel
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: The dinner was held at a Washington hotel hours
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Senate" in the following sentence: In attendance was, among others
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guests" in the following sentence: The featured guests at the dinner? S
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dinner" in the following sentence: The featured guests at the dinner? S
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "justices" in the following sentence: It's nothing new : The two
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: It's nothing new : The two
semeval2013.d009.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: And it's nothing that runs afoul
semeval2013.d009.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actions" in the following sentence: In fact, justices are exempt from
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "code" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably fell
semeval2013.d009.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Canon" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "judge" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "events" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably fell
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organizations" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "judge" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "speaker" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably
semeval2013.d009.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "guest of honor" in the following sentence: If they were, they arg
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "program" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably fell
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "event" in the following sentence: If they were, they arguably fell
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proximity" in the following sentence: Nevertheless, the sheer proximity
semeval2013.d009.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: Nevertheless, the sheer proximity of S
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "company" in the following sentence: Nevertheless, the sheer proximity of S
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interest" in the following sentence: Nevertheless, the sheer proximity of
semeval2013.d009.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of 20
semeval2013.d009.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ethics" in the following sentence: "This stunning breach of eth
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "code" in the following sentence: "This stunning breach of ethics
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence: "This stunning breach of
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: "This stunning breach of ethics
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rules" in the following sentence: "This stunning breach of ethics
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: "The assistant will be responsible for man
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "justices" in the following sentence: "The justices were wining and
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: "The floodwaters have
semeval2013.d009.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attorneys" in the following sentence: "The justices were w
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cases" in the following sentence: "The justices were wining and d
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: "The justices were wining and d
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "appearance" in the following sentence: Their appearance and assistance in fundraising
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant's assistance in fundra
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant's presence at the event
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence: Their appearance and assistance in fundra
semeval2013.d009.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d009.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "business" in the following sentence: Scalia and Thomas have shown little
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: Scalia and Thomas have shown little regard
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "groups" in the following sentence: Scalia and Thomas have shown little regard
semeval2013.d009.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wife" in the following sentence: And Thomas " wife, Ginni
semeval2013.d009.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conservatives" in the following sentence: Moreover, conservatives argue that it
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Justice" in the following sentence: Moreover, conservatives argue that it '
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issue" in the following sentence: Moreover, conservatives argue that it's
semeval2013.d009.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2013.d009.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "challenges" in the following sentence: Kagan served as solicitor general
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: Kagan served as solicitor general in the
semeval2013.d009.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d009.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The company's new product is designed
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case" in the following sentence: Her critics have pushed for Kagan to rec
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "law" in the following sentence: Her critics have pushed for Kagan to rec
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "indication" in the following sentence: Kagan has given no indication
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: Of the 22 players called in
semeval2013.d010.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Spain" in the following sentence: Of the 22 players called in
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "games" in the following sentence: Of the 22 players called in
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d010.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Costa Rica" in the following sentence: On the side of Costa Rica only
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: On the side of Costa Rica only one
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "games" in the following sentence: On the side of Costa Rica only one
semeval2013.d010.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "consolidate" in the following sentence: The company has consolidated
semeval2013.d010.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Costa Rica" in the following sentence: A minor contrast to Costa Rica,
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: A minor contrast to Costa Rica, comparing
semeval2013.d010.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: A minor contrast to Costa Rica, comparing
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: A minor contrast to Costa Rica, comparing the
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "San Jose" in the following sentence: A minor contrast to Costa Rica, comparing
semeval2013.d010.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Europe" in the following sentence: While the Europe and world champions, number one
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "number one" in the following sentence: While the Europe and world champions, number
semeval2013.d010.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "top" in the following sentence: While the Europe and world champions, number one
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "record" in the following sentence: While the Europe and world champions, number one
semeval2013.d010.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "selection" in the following sentence: While the Europe and world champions, number one
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "games" in the following sentence: While the Europe and world champions, number
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "number" in the following sentence: That number was reached Friday before the game against
semeval2013.d010.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Friday" in the following sentence: That number was reached Friday before the
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: That number was reached Friday before the game against
semeval2013.d010.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Panama" in the following sentence: That number was reached Friday before the game
semeval2013.d010.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "League" in the following sentence: Spanish football players playing in the All-
semeval2013.d010.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "clubs" in the following sentence: Spanish football players playing in the All-
semeval2013.d010.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "England" in the following sentence: Spanish football players playing in the All-
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "year" in the following sentence: Spanish football players playing in the All-Star
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "league" in the following sentence: Spanish football players playing in the All-
semeval2013.d010.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cup" in the following sentence: Spanish football players playing in the All-Star
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "competitions" in the following sentence: Spanish football players playing in the All
semeval2013.d010.s006.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shocks" in the following sentence: Spanish football players playing in the All
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experience" in the following sentence: To this is added the Spanish F
semeval2013.d010.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "World Cup" in the following sentence: To this is added the Spanish Fury
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "players" in the following sentence: The Ticos players, however, have
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experience" in the following sentence: The Ticos players, however,
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "area" in the following sentence: The Ticos players, however, have a
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "peak" in the following sentence: We see that the peak of the Spanish
semeval2013.d010.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "goalkeeper" in the following sentence: We see that the peak of the Spanish
semeval2013.d010.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Saturday" in the following sentence: We see that the peak of the Spanish
semeval2013.d010.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "England" in the following sentence: We see that the peak of the Spanish
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "game" in the following sentence: We see that the peak of the Spanish selection
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "London" in the following sentence: We see that the peak of the Spanish
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "record" in the following sentence: We see that the peak of the Spanish selection
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "goalkeeper" in the following sentence: We see that the peak of the Spanish
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "record" in the following sentence: Casillas will play today against the Tricol
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "player" in the following sentence: Xavi Hernandez, the player of
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "week" in the following sentence: Casillas and Xavi were recognized last week
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "player" in the following sentence: Casillas and Xavi were recognized last week
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "team" in the following sentence: Casillas and Xavi were recognized last week
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "striker" in the following sentence: Casillas and Xavi were recognized
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "number" in the following sentence: Almost near the centennial number is
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "games" in the following sentence: Almost near the centennial number
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "side" in the following sentence: On Costa Rican side, and close to
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "striker" in the following sentence: On Costa Rican side, and
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "games" in the following sentence: After this, only five exceeded the
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d010.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Spain" in the following sentence: More than 30 matches in Spain
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "side" in the following sentence: On the national side, with less than
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "presences" in the following sentence: On the national side, with less than
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rest" in the following sentence: The rest does not come near the 2
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "games" in the following sentence: While Nacho Moreal has only four
semeval2013.d010.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Costa Rica" in the following sentence: While Nacho Moreal has only
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "scorer" in the following sentence: The leading scorer of Spain is David
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "goals" in the following sentence: The leading scorer of Spain is David
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: For Costa Rica, Bryan Ruiz is
semeval2013.d011.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immigration" in the following sentence: Is immigration a burden or an
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood was a disaster
semeval2013.d011.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "opportunity" in the following sentence: Is immigration a burden or
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economy" in the following sentence: Is immigration a burden or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Immigration" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas S
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarko
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "aspects" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas S
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "consolidation" in the following sentence: The company's consolid
semeval2013.d011.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "police" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sark
semeval2013.d011.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "services" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarko
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarko
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "numbers" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarko
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's captain ordered the
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policy" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarko
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarko
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sarko
semeval2013.d011.s001.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "human rights" in the following sentence: Immigration policy under Nicolas Sark
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "harassment" in the following sentence: More recently, it is administrative har
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "students" in the following sentence: More recently, it is administrative harass
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "France" in the following sentence: More recently, it is administrative harassment
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "talent" in the following sentence: More recently, it is administrative harass
semeval2013.d011.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bricklayers" in the following sentence: More recently, it is administrative har
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "waiters" in the following sentence: More recently, it is administrative harass
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a great asset to the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lot" in the following sentence: There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Left" in the following sentence: There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Right" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set by
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tone" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set
semeval2013.d011.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "unemployed" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set by
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set by
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "workers" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Left" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set by
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "France" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set by
semeval2013.d011.s005.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "world" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set by
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "misery" in the following sentence: On the Right, the tone was set
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "difference" in the following sentence: The only difference, the degree of gener
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fear" in the following sentence: In 2005, the
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "invasion" in the following sentence: In 2005,
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hordes" in the following sentence: In 2005,
semeval2013.d011.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "plumbers" in the following sentence: In 2005,
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Left" in the following sentence: In 2005, the fear
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economy" in the following sentence: Both sides see immigrants as
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "difference" in the following sentence: The only difference resides in the degree
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "program" in the following sentence: In his program, François Hollande conf
semeval2013.d011.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immigration" in the following sentence: In his program, François Hollande
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: In his program, François Hollande conf
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of emotions that
semeval2013.d011.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of 20
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problem" in the following sentence: This notion of immigration being a burden
semeval2013.d011.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a valuable asset to the
semeval2013.d011.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economists" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "book" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and Geoff
semeval2013.d011.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "knowledge" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immigration" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "People" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Migration" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "World" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and Geoff
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Future" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and Geoff
semeval2013.d011.s012.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "specialists" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impact" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "migration" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flows" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economic growth" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Gold
semeval2013.d011.s012.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wages" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "employment" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin and
semeval2013.d011.s012.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immigrants" in the following sentence: As the economists Ian Goldin
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: Restraining immigration leads to
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Fears" in the following sentence: Fears about the impact of immigr
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impact" in the following sentence: The impact of climate change on the environment
semeval2013.d011.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "notion" in the following sentence: Fears about the impact of immigr
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "workers" in the following sentence: Fears about the impact of immigr
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pressure" in the following sentence: The pressure to reduce emissions is a
semeval2013.d011.s014.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wages" in the following sentence: The company's decision to lay off
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "experience" in the following sentence: But experience shows that in reality imm
semeval2013.d011.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reality" in the following sentence: But experience shows that in reality immigr
semeval2013.d011.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "replacements" in the following sentence: But experience shows that in reality imm
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "labor" in the following sentence: But experience shows that in reality immigr
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trades" in the following sentence: But experience shows that in reality immigr
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shortage" in the following sentence: But experience shows that in reality immigr
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "labor" in the following sentence: But experience shows that in reality immigr
semeval2013.d011.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sector" in the following sentence: Unskilled immigrants work in
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "labor" in the following sentence: Unskilled immigrants work in
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sector" in the following sentence: Unskilled immigrants work in
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "training" in the following sentence: Unskilled immigrants work in se
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "offers" in the following sentence: Unskilled immigrants work in
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "employment" in the following sentence: Unskilled immigrants work in
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effect" in the following sentence: A positive effect on wagesChoose
semeval2013.d011.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: In the same way as a surgeon would
semeval2013.d011.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant's role is to assist
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: In the same way as a surgeon would
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shortage" in the following sentence: In the same way as a surgeon
semeval2013.d011.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "complementarities" in the following sentence: In the same way as a
semeval2013.d011.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arrival" in the following sentence: In the same way as a surgeon
semeval2013.d011.s018.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effect" in the following sentence: In the same way as a surgeon would
semeval2013.d011.s018.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rise" in the following sentence: Giovanni Peri has calculated that a rise
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flow" in the following sentence: Giovanni Peri has calculated that a rise of
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increase" in the following sentence: Giovanni Peri has calculated that a
semeval2013.d011.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fact" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account the fact
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "diversity" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immigrants" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "creation" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ideas" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "economic growth" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "proportion" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account
semeval2013.d011.s020.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immigrants" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "American" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account the fact
semeval2013.d011.s020.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Nobel prize" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "winners" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Google" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account the fact
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Yahoo" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immigrants" in the following sentence: And does so without taking into account
semeval2013.d011.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Migrants" in the following sentence: Migrants are also net contrib
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "social systems" in the following sentence: Migrants are also net contributors
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European countries" in the following sentence: Migrants are also net contrib
semeval2013.d011.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "World" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example in
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Labor" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Organisation" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example
semeval2013.d011.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "example" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example in
semeval2013.d011.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Germany" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for
semeval2013.d011.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "immigrant" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "age" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example in
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "contribution" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "expenditure" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "average" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example
semeval2013.d011.s022.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Euros" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "budgets" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for example
semeval2013.d011.s022.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lifetime" in the following sentence: The World Labor Organisation estimates that for
semeval2013.d011.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mandate" in the following sentence: Nicolas Sarkozy wished at
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "points" in the following sentence: Nicolas Sarkozy wished at the start
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "growth" in the following sentence: Nicolas Sarkozy wished at
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "question" in the following sentence: The teeth in question, intended to serve to
semeval2013.d011.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effect" in the following sentence: The teeth in question, intended to serve to
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pound" in the following sentence: Deutsche Bank pays multi-million p
semeval2013.d012.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "trouble" in the following sentence: Fresh trouble is following hard on the
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The flood of applications for the
semeval2013.d012.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "CEO" in the following sentence: Fresh trouble is following hard on the
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pound" in the following sentence: Fresh trouble is following hard on the
semeval2013.d012.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fine" in the following sentence: Fresh trouble is following hard on the
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "USA" in the following sentence: Fresh trouble is following hard on the he
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problems" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were not
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "home" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were not already
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "industry" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were not
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "giant" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were not
semeval2013.d012.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were not
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "USA" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were not already
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dollars" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were
semeval2013.d012.s002.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Euros" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disputes" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bankruptcy" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home were
semeval2013.d012.s002.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "credit unions" in the following sentence: As if the problems at home
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issue" in the following sentence: The issue centers on the sale of mort
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sale" in the following sentence: The issue centers on the sale of
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "regulator" in the following sentence: The National Credit Union Administration (NC
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "string" in the following sentence: The National Credit Union Administration (NCU
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "banks" in the following sentence: The National Credit Union Administration (NC
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d012.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "credit unions" in the following sentence: The National Credit Union Administration
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "value" in the following sentence: The value of the securities dropped dram
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "securities" in the following sentence: The value of the securities
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crisis" in the following sentence: The value of the securities
semeval2013.d012.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issue" in the following sentence: "We are happy to have resolved the issue
semeval2013.d012.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: "They needed rugs to cover
semeval2013.d012.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "court" in the following sentence: "We are happy to have resolved the issue
semeval2013.d012.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spokesman" in the following sentence: "We are happy to have resolved
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "New York" in the following sentence: "We are happy to have resolved the
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bank" in the following sentence: The bank did not admit culpability in
semeval2013.d012.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a great help.
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dollars" in the following sentence: The same is true of Citigr
semeval2013.d012.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chairman" in the following sentence: The NCUA chairman, Deb
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "banks" in the following sentence: The NCUA chairman, Debbie
semeval2013.d012.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "US" in the following sentence: The National Credit Union Administration (NCU
semeval2013.d012.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bankruptcies" in the following sentence: The National Credit Union Administration (
semeval2013.d012.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "customer" in the following sentence: The National Credit Union Administration (NCU
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "deposits" in the following sentence: The National Credit Union Administration (
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d012.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "billions" in the following sentence: The NCUA is fighting for
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d012.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "regulator" in the following sentence: The regulator had also approached other major
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "banks" in the following sentence: The regulator had also approached other major
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "summer" in the following sentence: The regulator had also approached other major
semeval2013.d012.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat is floating on the water
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fate" in the following sentence: This sealed the fate of a number
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "number" in the following sentence: This sealed the fate of a number of
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "companies" in the following sentence: This sealed the fate of a
semeval2013.d012.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "US" in the following sentence: This sealed the fate of a number of
semeval2013.d012.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "US" in the following sentence: The US investment bank, Lehman
semeval2013.d012.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "September" in the following sentence: The US investment bank, Leh
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "height" in the following sentence: The US investment bank, Lehman
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "crisis" in the following sentence: The US investment bank, Le
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "banks" in the following sentence: The banks battling against a strong wind
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wind" in the following sentence: The banks battling against a strong wind in
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The banks battling against a strong wind
semeval2013.d012.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "number" in the following sentence: Investors and regulators have brought a
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence: Investors and regulators have
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "wave" in the following sentence: The Federal Housing Finance Agency (
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence: The Federal Housing Finance
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "banks" in the following sentence: It accuses 18 major international
semeval2013.d012.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "US" in the following sentence: It accuses 18 major international banks
semeval2013.d012.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lenders" in the following sentence: It accuses 18 major international
semeval2013.d012.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Fannie Mae" in the following sentence: It accuses 1
semeval2013.d012.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Freddie Mac" in the following sentence: It accuses 18
semeval2013.d012.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mortgage" in the following sentence: It accuses 18 major
semeval2013.d012.s021.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "transactions" in the following sentence: The company has agreed to pay $1
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dollars" in the following sentence: It accuses 18 major
semeval2013.d012.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2013.d012.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "transactions" in the following sentence: Deutsche Bank also faces legal action by the
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "value" in the following sentence: Deutsche Bank also faces legal action by the F
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dollars" in the following sentence: Deutsche Bank also faces legal action by
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "regulator" in the following sentence: The regulator is demanding that the
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "bank" in the following sentence: The regulator is demanding that the Frankfurt
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "responsibility" in the following sentence: The regulator is demanding that the
semeval2013.d012.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sum" in the following sentence: The regulator is demanding that the Frankfurt
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence: Deutsche Bank has rejected the claims as
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intention" in the following sentence: Deutsche Bank has rejected the claims as bas
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "claims" in the following sentence: Deutsche Bank has rejected the claims as
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: This assistant is a professional in the field
semeval2015.d000.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a professional who helps the
semeval2015.d000.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European" in the following sentence: This document is a summary of the European
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Assessment" in the following sentence: This document is a summary of the
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Report" in the following sentence: This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "explains" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medic
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Council" in the following sentence: The Council of Europe is an inter
semeval2015.d000.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Medicinal" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medic
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Products" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal Product
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Human" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Use" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal Product
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assessed" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performed" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reach" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recommendations" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal Product
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medic
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: If you need more information about your medical condition
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "information" in the following sentence: If you need more information about your medical condition
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medical" in the following sentence: If you need more information about your medical
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the following sentence: If you need more information about your medical condition
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be available to answer any
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "read" in the following sentence: If you need more information about your medical condition
semeval2015.d000.s002.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d000.s002.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: If you need more information about your medical condition
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "part" in the following sentence: If you need more information about your medical condition
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be available to answer any
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doctor" in the following sentence: If you need more information about your medical
semeval2015.d000.s002.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "pharmacist" in the following sentence: If you need more information about
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: If you want more information on the basis
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: If you want more information on the basis of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "information" in the following sentence: If you want more information on the basis of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recommendations" in the following sentence: If you want more information on
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "read" in the following sentence: If you want more information on the basis of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Scientific" in the following sentence: If you want more information on the
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Discussion" in the following sentence: If you want more information on the basis
semeval2015.d000.s003.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: If you want more information on the basis of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "part" in the following sentence: If you want more information on the basis of
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "made up" in the following sentence: Alimta is a powder that
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "solution" in the following sentence: Alimta is a powder that
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "infusion" in the following sentence: Alimta is a powder that
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "drip" in the following sentence: Alimta is a powder that
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vein" in the following sentence: Alimta is a powder that
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "active" in the following sentence: It contains the active substance pemetre
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "substance" in the following sentence: It contains the active substance pemet
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: Alimta is used to treat two types
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "treat" in the following sentence: Alimta is used to treat two
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flooring" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mesothelioma" in the following sentence: Alimta is used to
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lining" in the following sentence: Alimta is used to treat two
semeval2015.d000.s008.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lungs" in the following sentence: Alimta is used to treat two
semeval2015.d000.s008.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "usually" in the following sentence: Alimta is used to treat two
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d000.s008.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exposure" in the following sentence: Alimta is used to treat
semeval2015.d000.s008.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "asbestos" in the following sentence: Alimta is used to treat
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "together with" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "anticancer" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "removed" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "surgery" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s009.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spread" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "likely" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "spread" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "easily" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "parts" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "body" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "not" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicines" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cancer" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advanced" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "metastatic" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t025	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lungs" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with c
semeval2015.d000.s009.t026	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "not" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with cis
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "affecting" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t028	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "squamous cells" in the following sentence: Alimta is used together
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: Alimta is used in combination with c
semeval2015.d000.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "combination" in the following sentence: Alimta is used in combination
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: Alimta is used in combination with
semeval2015.d000.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "treated" in the following sentence: Alimta is used in combination with
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: Alimta is used in combination with
semeval2015.d000.s010.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: Alimta is used in combination with
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "type" in the following sentence: Alimta is used in combination with c
semeval2015.d000.s010.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: Alimta is used in combination with
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: The medicine can only be obtained with
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: The medicine can only be obtained with a pres
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "obtained" in the following sentence: The medicine can only be obtained with
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prescription" in the following sentence: The medicine can only be obtained with a
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: Alimta should only be given under the
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "given" in the following sentence: Alimta should only be given under
semeval2015.d000.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "supervision" in the following sentence: Alimta should only be given under
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doctor" in the following sentence: Alimta should only be given under
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: Alimta should only be given under the
semeval2015.d000.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "anticancer" in the following sentence: Alimta should only be given
semeval2015.d000.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dose" in the following sentence: The recommended dose of Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mg" in the following sentence: The recommended dose of Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "square metre" in the following sentence: The recommended dose of Alim
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "body" in the following sentence: The recommended dose of Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "using" in the following sentence: The recommended dose of Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "height" in the following sentence: The recommended dose of Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "weight" in the following sentence: The recommended dose of Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "given" in the following sentence: It is given once every three weeks as
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "days" in the following sentence: The event will take place on the first day
semeval2015.d000.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intravenous" in the following sentence: It is given once every three
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "infusion" in the following sentence: It is given once every three weeks as
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "minutes" in the following sentence: It is given once every three weeks as
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reduce" in the following sentence: To reduce side effects, patients should take a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: To reduce side effects, patients should take
semeval2015.d000.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "take" in the following sentence: To reduce side effects, patients should take a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "corticosteroid" in the following sentence: To reduce side effects
semeval2015.d000.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "type" in the following sentence: To reduce side effects, patients should take a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vitamin" in the following sentence: To reduce side effects, patients should
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "injections" in the following sentence: To reduce side effects, patients should take
semeval2015.d000.s016.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vitamin B12" in the following sentence: To reduce side effects
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "given" in the following sentence: When Alimta is given with c
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: When Alimta is given with
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2015.d000.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: When Alimta is given with
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dehydration" in the following sentence: When Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s017.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: When Alimta is given with cis
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "given" in the following sentence: When Alimta is given with c
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "before" in the following sentence: When Alimta is given with cis
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "after" in the following sentence: When Alimta is given with cis
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dose" in the following sentence: When Alimta is given with c
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Treatment" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discontinued" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dose" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed or dis
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reduced" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed or dis
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed or dis
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "abnormal" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed or dis
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed or discont
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "certain" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed or discont
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Treatment should be delayed or discont
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: Alimta is not recommended for use in
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2015.d000.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kidney" in the following sentence: Alimta is not recommended for
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problems" in the following sentence: Alimta is not recommended for use
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "information" in the following sentence: For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Product" in the following sentence: For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "active" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alimta,
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "substance" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cytotoxic" in the following sentence: The active substance in Al
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alim
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alim
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "kills" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alimta
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dividing" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alim
semeval2015.d000.s022.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s022.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "belongs to" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alim
semeval2015.d000.s022.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "group" in the following sentence: The active substance in Alimta,
semeval2015.d000.s022.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "antimetabolites" in the following sentence: The active substance in Al
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "body" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrexed
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "active" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrexed
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "form" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrexed
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "blocks" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2015.d000.s023.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enjoy" in the following sentence: I'm enjoying my new
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetre
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "producing" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s023.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "nucleotides" in the following sentence: In the body, p
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship's crew was able
semeval2015.d000.s023.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "DNA" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s023.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "RNA" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "genetic" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "material" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrexed
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cells" in the following sentence: In the body, pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studied" in the following sentence: How has Alimta been studied?
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d000.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: For the treatment of malignant
semeval2015.d000.s025.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flooring" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s025.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mesothelioma" in the following sentence: For the treatment of malign
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studied" in the following sentence: For the treatment of malignant ple
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: For the treatment of malignant ple
semeval2015.d000.s025.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s025.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: For the treatment of malignant ple
semeval2015.d000.s025.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s025.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disease" in the following sentence: For the treatment of malignant
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "before" in the following sentence: For the treatment of malignant pleural
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effects" in the following sentence: The effects of Alimta in combination
semeval2015.d000.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "combination" in the following sentence: The effects of Alimta in
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "compared" in the following sentence: The effects of Alimta in combination
semeval2015.d000.s026.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a key player in the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell lung
semeval2015.d000.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lungs" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effects" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "compared" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s027.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "anticancer" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involving" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "locally" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "advanced" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s027.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "metastatic" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small
semeval2015.d000.s027.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "disease" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small
semeval2015.d000.s027.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s027.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "chemotherapy" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: For the treatment of non-small cell
semeval2015.d000.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with gemcit
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "compared" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with gem
semeval2015.d000.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "anticancer" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with
semeval2015.d000.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "combination" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involving" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with gem
semeval2015.d000.s028.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s028.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with gem
semeval2015.d000.s028.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s028.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: Alimta was also compared with gem
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d000.s029.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a great asset to the
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shown" in the following sentence: What benefit has Alimta shown during
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studies" in the following sentence: What benefit has Alimta shown during
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Alimta increased the survival time of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s031.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "malignant" in the following sentence: Alimta increased the survival
semeval2015.d000.s031.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d000.s031.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Patients" in the following sentence: Patients receiving Alimta and c
semeval2015.d000.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "receiving" in the following sentence: Patients receiving Alimta and c
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "survived" in the following sentence: Patients receiving Alimta and
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "months" in the following sentence: Patients receiving Alimta and c
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "compared" in the following sentence: Patients receiving Alimta and c
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "months" in the following sentence: Patients receiving Alimta and c
semeval2015.d000.s032.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital part of the
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: In the treatment of patients with non-
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cell" in the following sentence: In the treatment of patients with non-small
semeval2015.d000.s033.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "lungs" in the following sentence: In the treatment of patients with non-
semeval2015.d000.s033.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "as" in the following sentence: In the treatment of patients with non-small
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effective" in the following sentence: In the treatment of patients with non-
semeval2015.d000.s033.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "as" in the following sentence: In the treatment of patients with non-small
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s034.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s034.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "average" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "survival" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemother
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemotherapy in
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "months" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "compared" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "months" in the following sentence: In patients who had received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: In patients who had not received chemother
semeval2015.d000.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s035.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: In patients who had not received chemother
semeval2015.d000.s035.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "past" in the following sentence: In patients who had not received chemother
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: In patients who had not received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "years" in the following sentence: The average life expectancy of the population
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "groups" in the following sentence: In patients who had not received chemotherapy
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studies" in the following sentence: However, in both studies, patients whose
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: However, in both studies, patients whose
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s036.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "affecting" in the following sentence: However, in both studies, patients
semeval2015.d000.s036.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "squamous cells" in the following sentence: However, in both studies,
semeval2015.d000.s036.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: However, in both studies, patients whose cancer
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "longer" in the following sentence: However, in both studies, patients whose
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "survival" in the following sentence: However, in both studies, patients
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "times" in the following sentence: However, in both studies, patients whose cancer
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "contrast" in the following sentence: In contrast, patients whose cancer was affect
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: In contrast, patients whose cancer was affect
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "affecting" in the following sentence: In contrast, patients whose cancer was
semeval2015.d000.s037.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "squamous cells" in the following sentence: In contrast, patients whose cancer
semeval2015.d000.s037.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "had" in the following sentence: In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shorter" in the following sentence: In contrast, patients whose cancer was affect
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "survival" in the following sentence: In contrast, patients whose cancer was
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "times" in the following sentence: In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mathematical" in the following sentence: kalgebra is a mathematical calculator
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "markup" in the following sentence: kalgebra is a mathematical calculator based
semeval2015.d001.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "capable" in the following sentence: Nowadays it is capable to make
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: Nowadays it is capable to make simple
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "simple" in the following sentence: Nowadays it is capable to make simple
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "operations" in the following sentence: Nowadays it is capable to make
semeval2015.d001.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "arithmetic" in the following sentence: Nowadays it is capable to make
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actually" in the following sentence: It is actually not necessary to know Math
semeval2015.d001.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: It is actually not necessary to know MathML
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: It is actually not necessary to know MathML
semeval2015.d001.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "oriented" in the following sentence: Although it was initially MathML oriented
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "now" in the following sentence: Although it was initially MathML oriented it
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: Although it was initially MathML oriented,
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "little" in the following sentence: Although it was initially MathML oriented
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mathematical" in the following sentence: Although it was initially MathML orient
semeval2015.d001.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Here" in the following sentence: Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "door" in the following sentence: They needed doors to keep the guests out.
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "door" in the following sentence: they needed doors to keep the guests out.
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "door" in the following sentence: they needed doors to keep the guests out.
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Console" in the following sentence: kalgebra main window consists in a Console tab
semeval2015.d001.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "3D" in the following sentence: kalgebra main window consists in a Console
semeval2015.d001.s007.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d001.s007.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Dictionary" in the following sentence: kalgebra main window consists in a Console tab
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "find" in the following sentence: Below these tabs you will find an input field
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "input" in the following sentence: Below these tabs you will find an input field
semeval2015.d001.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "field" in the following sentence: Below these tabs you will find an input field
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "functions" in the following sentence: Below these tabs you will find an input field
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: If we want to understand how it works
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "understand" in the following sentence: If we want to understand how it works
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "works" in the following sentence: If we want to understand how it works,
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "best" in the following sentence: If we want to understand how it works,
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "do" in the following sentence: If we want to understand how it works,
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "realize" in the following sentence: If we want to understand how it works
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "input" in the following sentence: If we want to understand how it works,
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d001.s009.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "know" in the following sentence: If we want to understand how it works,
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d001.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "hard" in the following sentence: I have based the syntax basically on common sense
semeval2015.d001.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "looked" in the following sentence: I ve looked closely to maxima and
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "firmly" in the following sentence: I ve been working on this project
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "look" in the following sentence: I ve looked closely to maxima and map
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "similar" in the following sentence: I ve looked closely to maxima and map
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Addition" in the following sentence: + - * / : Addition,
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: + - * / : Assistant,
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Power" in the following sentence: Choose the corresponding definition among
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: ^, ** : Power,
semeval2015.d001.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: Also it is possible to use the unicode
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Powers" in the following sentence: Powers are one way to make
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: Powers are one way to make roots too
semeval2015.d001.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "make" in the following sentence: Powers are one way to make roots too
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "roots" in the following sentence: Powers are one way to make roots
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "too" in the following sentence: Powers are one way to make roots
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: -gt : It s the way to specify
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "variable" in the following sentence: -gt : It's the way to
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "function" in the following sentence: -gt : It's the way to
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: ( ) : It is used to specify a
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "higher" in the following sentence: ( ) : It is used to specify
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "priority" in the following sentence: ( ) : It is used to specify
semeval2015.d001.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "finds" in the following sentence: abc(params) : When the parser
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: the assistant is a person who helps the
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "checks" in the following sentence: abc(params) : When the parser
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "operator" in the following sentence: abc(params) : When the parser finds
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "treated" in the following sentence: If it is, it will be treated
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "operator" in the following sentence: If it is, it will be treated as
semeval2015.d001.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "treated" in the following sentence: If it is, it will be treated
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "user" in the following sentence: If it is, it will be treated as
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: : = : It is used to define a
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: : = : It is used to refer
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "value" in the following sentence: : = : It is used to define a
semeval2015.d001.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the following sentence: "Piecewise condition definition."
semeval2015.d001.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "definition" in the following sentence:? : Piecewise condition definition.
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: Piecewise is the way we can define
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "define" in the following sentence: Piecewise is the way we can define
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "operations" in the following sentence: Piecewise is the way we can
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "introduce" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the
semeval2015.d001.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the? it
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the? it
semeval2015.d001.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the? it
semeval2015.d001.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only if" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the?
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "true" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the? it
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "finds" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the?
semeval2015.d001.s023.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "condition" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the? it
semeval2015.d001.s023.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enter" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the? it
semeval2015.d001.s023.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "last" in the following sentence: If we introduce the condition before the? it
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: They floated on the surface of
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: They are the ones who assist and guide
semeval2015.d001.s026.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "useful" in the following sentence: They are useful for working with piecewise
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "working" in the following sentence: Mainly useful for working with piecewise.
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Now" in the following sentence: Now you could ask me, why should the
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ask" in the following sentence: Now you could ask me, why should the
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "user" in the following sentence: Now you could ask me, why should the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "easy" in the following sentence: That's easy. With this,
semeval2015.d001.s028.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "operate" in the following sentence: That's easy. With this,
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "functions" in the following sentence: That s easy. With this, we can
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: That s easy. With this, we can
semeval2015.d001.s028.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s028.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "functions" in the following sentence: That s easy. With this, we can
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sum" in the following sentence: That's easy. With this, we
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "product" in the following sentence: That s easy. With this, we can
semeval2015.d001.s029.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s029.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s029.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: We can use plus(), times() and everything
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "has" in the following sentence: We can use plus(), times() and everything
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "operator" in the following sentence: We can use plus(), times() and everything
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: the boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: There you have a list of the declared variables
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "see" in the following sentence: By double clicking on them you will see a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "change" in the following sentence: By double clicking on them you will see a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "values" in the following sentence: By double clicking on them you will see a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "just" in the following sentence: By double clicking on them you will see a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "way" in the following sentence: By double clicking on them you will see a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "log" in the following sentence: By double clicking on them you will see a
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "time" in the following sentence: Every time you enter an expression, the "
semeval2015.d001.s034.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "enter" in the following sentence: Every time you enter an expression, the "
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "expression" in the following sentence: Every time you enter an expression, the "
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "variable" in the following sentence: Every time you enter an expression, the "
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "value" in the following sentence: Every time you enter an expression, the "
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "changed" in the following sentence: Every time you enter an expression, the "
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "last" in the following sentence: Every time you enter an expression, the "
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "result" in the following sentence: Every time you enter an expression, the "
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "New" in the following sentence: Ctrl N New WindowChoose the
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Window" in the following sentence: Ctrl N New WindowChoose the
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "log" in the following sentence: Flushes the log. Choose the
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Load" in the following sentence: Ctrl L Load ScriptChoose the
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "instructions" in the following sentence: Executes the instructions in a file
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "file" in the following sentence: Executes the instructions in a file sequentially
semeval2015.d001.s038.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Nice" in the following sentence: Nice if you want to define some libraries
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: Nice if you want to define some libraries
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "define" in the following sentence: Nice if you want to define some libraries or
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "resume" in the following sentence: Nice if you want to define some libraries
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: Nice if you want to define some libraries or
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Save" in the following sentence: Ctrl G Save ScriptChoose the
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Saves" in the following sentence: Saves the instructions you have typed since
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "instructions" in the following sentence: Saves the instructions you have typed
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "began" in the following sentence: Saves the instructions you have typed since
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s041.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reuse" in the following sentence: Saves the instructions you have typed since
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Generates" in the following sentence: Generates text files so it should be
semeval2015.d001.s042.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "easy" in the following sentence: Generates text files so it should be
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "fix" in the following sentence: Generates text files so it should be easy
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "using" in the following sentence: Generates text files so it should be easy
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Save" in the following sentence: Ctrl S Save LogChoose the
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Log" in the following sentence: Ctrl S Save LogChoose the
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Saves" in the following sentence: Saves the log with all results into
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "log" in the following sentence: Saves the log with all results into an
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "results" in the following sentence: Saves the log with all results into an
semeval2015.d001.s044.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "print" in the following sentence: Saves the log with all results into an
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "publish" in the following sentence: Saves the log with all results into an
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Quit" in the following sentence: Ctrl Q QuitChoose
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "program" in the following sentence: Shuts the program down.Cho
semeval2015.d001.s046.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "up" in the following sentence: The program is running smoothly.Cho
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "add" in the following sentence: To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "go" in the following sentence: To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Add" in the following sentence: To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "add" in the following sentence: To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "new" in the following sentence: To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be available from 9
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "focus" in the following sentence: Then your focus will go to an input text
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "input" in the following sentence: Then your focus will go to an input text
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "text" in the following sentence: Then your focus will go to an input text
semeval2015.d001.s048.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "box" in the following sentence: Then your focus will go to an input text
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be available to assist you
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "want" in the following sentence: If you want to use a typical f
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: If you want to use a typical f(
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "favorite" in the following sentence: The author's favorite color is
semeval2015.d001.s049.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "specify" in the following sentence: If you want to use a typical f
semeval2015.d001.s050.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "entered" in the following sentence: If you have entered the function click on
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be available to assist you
semeval2015.d001.s050.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "display" in the following sentence: If you have entered the function click on the
semeval2015.d001.s050.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "door" in the following sentence: The door was locked, but the key was
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "set" in the following sentence: You can set several graphs on the same view
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s051.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s051.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be available from 9
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Just" in the following sentence: Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Add" in the following sentence: Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "List" in the following sentence: Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "mode" in the following sentence: Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s053.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "color" in the following sentence: You can set each graph its own color.
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Foundation" in the following sentence: The Foundation has recently been involved in organizing
semeval2015.d002.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated gently on
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involved" in the following sentence: The Foundation has recently been involved in
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organising" in the following sentence: The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conference" in the following sentence: The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dealt" in the following sentence: The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "critical" in the following sentence: The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the following sentence: The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interest groups" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attended" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "debated" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "issues" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the main
semeval2015.d002.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d002.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "actors" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the
semeval2015.d002.s001.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "including" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the main
semeval2015.d002.s001.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "public" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the main
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "authorities" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "social" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the main
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "voluntary" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organisations" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from
semeval2015.d002.s001.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "as well" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "service" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the main
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "users" in the following sentence: Over 100 participants from the main
semeval2015.d002.s002.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated gently on
semeval2015.d002.s002.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "few" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cases" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts to
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reported" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involve" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "users" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts to
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "service" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts to
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "involvement" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "service" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts to
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "provision" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "found" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts to
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "common" in the following sentence: There were relatively few cases reported of attempts to
semeval2015.d002.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Note" in the following sentence: Note was also taken of the variety of different
semeval2015.d002.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: Note was also taken of the variety of different
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "variety" in the following sentence: Note was also taken of the variety of
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "roles" in the following sentence: Note was also taken of the variety of
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "played" in the following sentence: Note was also taken of the variety of
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "welfare" in the following sentence: Note was also taken of the variety
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Foundation" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the European
semeval2015.d002.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Commission" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Spanish" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Ministry" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Social" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "regional" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "government" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with
semeval2015.d002.s004.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conference" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "social" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the European
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exclusion" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "major" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the European
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "challenge" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "public" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the European
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "welfare" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with
semeval2015.d002.s004.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "services" in the following sentence: The Foundation organised, together with the European
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Foundation" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative study as
semeval2015.d002.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recently" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "comparative" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative study
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "part" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative study as
semeval2015.d002.s005.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assesses" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative study
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "direct" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative study as
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d002.s005.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "humanise" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative study
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative study as
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "increasing" in the following sentence: The Foundation recently published a comparative
semeval2015.d002.s005.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "personal" in the following sentence: The study is based on 19
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interviews" in the following sentence: The study is based on 19
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "senior" in the following sentence: The study is based on 19
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "officials" in the following sentence: The study is based on 1
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "social" in the following sentence: The study is based on 195
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "representatives" in the following sentence: The study is based on 1
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: The study is based on 19
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organisations" in the following sentence: The study is based on 1
semeval2015.d002.s006.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s006.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European" in the following sentence: The study is based on 19
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "countries" in the following sentence: The study is based on 19
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "important" in the following sentence: As important industrial sectors, the metal industry
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "industrial" in the following sentence: As important industrial sectors, the metal
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sector" in the following sentence: As important industrial sectors, the metal
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "metal" in the following sentence: As important industrial sectors, the metal
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "industry" in the following sentence: As important industrial sectors, the metal
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "banking" in the following sentence: As important industrial sectors, the metal
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sector" in the following sentence: As important industrial sectors, the metal
semeval2015.d002.s007.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: As important industrial sectors, the metal industry
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "speakers" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "social" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion conference
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "exclusion" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conference" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Employment" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Industrial" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social ex
semeval2015.d002.s008.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d002.s008.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Social Affairs" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social ex
semeval2015.d002.s008.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Directorate" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social ex
semeval2015.d002.s008.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Commission" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "high" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion conference
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Crisis" in the following sentence: The crisis in the global economy has
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s008.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Parliament" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t018	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Vice-President" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the
semeval2015.d002.s008.t019	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Parliament" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Economic" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social ex
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Social" in the following sentence: Key speakers at the social exclusion
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Crisis" in the following sentence: The crisis in the global economy has
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Case Studies" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a port
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a port
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "represent" in the following sentence: The new CEO will represent the company
semeval2015.d002.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "portfolio" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a port
semeval2015.d002.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "present" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "policies" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "practices" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "improve" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recruitment" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "training" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "development" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio
semeval2015.d002.s009.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flooring" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "workers" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a port
semeval2015.d002.s009.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio
semeval2015.d002.s009.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "place" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "community" in the following sentence: Case Studies Each national report contains a portfolio
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "country" in the following sentence: For each country, two or three initiatives
semeval2015.d002.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the following sentence: For each country, two or three
semeval2015.d002.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "selected" in the following sentence: For each country, two or three initiatives
semeval2015.d002.s010.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s010.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "depth" in the following sentence: For each country, two or three initiatives
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "case study" in the following sentence: For each country, two or three initi
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "analysed" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "background" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the background of
semeval2015.d002.s011.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "impact" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the background
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d002.s011.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patterns" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the background
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "work" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the background of
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "organisations" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assessed" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the background
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "problems" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the background
semeval2015.d002.s011.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "initiative" in the following sentence: These case studies analysed the
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "interviews" in the following sentence: Visits and interviews with key personnel
semeval2015.d002.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s012.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: Visits and interviews with key personnel were
semeval2015.d002.s012.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "national" in the following sentence: These national studies will form the basis of
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "form" in the following sentence: These national studies will form the basis of a
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters have re
semeval2015.d002.s013.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European" in the following sentence: These national studies will form the basis of
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: These national studies will form the basis of a
semeval2015.d002.s013.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "synthesises" in the following sentence: These national studies will form the basis
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "overall" in the following sentence: These national studies will form the basis of
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "practices" in the following sentence: These national studies will form the basis
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "report" in the following sentence: The report and a casebook of initiatives
semeval2015.d002.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "casebook" in the following sentence: The report and a casebook of initi
semeval2015.d002.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d002.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "provide" in the following sentence: The report and a casebook of initi
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "conference" in the following sentence: The report and a casebook of initi
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "staged" in the following sentence: The report and a casebook of initi
semeval2015.d002.s014.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Foundation" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "aims" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "characteristics" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "age" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "barriers" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "job" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to develop a new
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "training" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "analyse" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "causes" in the following sentence: The Foundation aims to document the characteristics
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "social" in the following sentence: The perspectives of the social partners are
semeval2015.d002.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: The perspectives of the social partners are
semeval2015.d002.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "examined" in the following sentence: The perspectives of the social
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "particular" in the following sentence: The perspectives of the social partners
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "attention" in the following sentence: The perspectives of the social partners
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "paid" in the following sentence: The perspectives of the social partners
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "represent" in the following sentence: The company's new product is being
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "age" in the following sentence: The perspectives of the social partners are
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "barriers" in the following sentence: The perspectives of the social partners
semeval2015.d002.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Thirdly" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and
semeval2015.d002.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assesses" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and ass
semeval2015.d002.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and
semeval2015.d002.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "public" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and assesses
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "private" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and assesses
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "sectors" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and ass
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "age" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and assesses
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "barriers" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and ass
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "especially" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and ass
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "older" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and assesses
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "workers" in the following sentence: Thirdly, the project documents and ass
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare
semeval2015.d002.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "early" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early retirement
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retirement" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early retirement
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d002.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d002.s018.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "primarily" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early retirement
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "concerned" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retention" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early retirement
semeval2015.d002.s018.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reintegration" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early retirement
semeval2015.d002.s018.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "retraining" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early ret
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "older" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early retirement and
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "workers" in the following sentence: Seeking alternatives to early retirement
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gender" in the following sentence: The gender and ethnic backgrounds of workers
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "ethnic" in the following sentence: The gender and ethnic backgrounds of
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "backgrounds" in the following sentence: The gender and ethnic backgrounds of
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "workers" in the following sentence: The gender and ethnic backgrounds of
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "relate" in the following sentence: The gender and ethnic backgrounds of
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discrimination" in the following sentence: The gender and ethnic background
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "examined" in the following sentence: The gender and ethnic backgrounds
semeval2015.d002.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for managing the
semeval2015.d002.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: The project also considers initiatives to combat
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "considers" in the following sentence: The project also considers initiatives to
semeval2015.d002.s020.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "initiatives" in the following sentence: The project also considers initiatives
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "age" in the following sentence: The project also considers initiatives to combat
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "discrimination" in the following sentence: The project also considers initi
semeval2015.d002.s020.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "rural areas" in the following sentence: The project also considers initiatives
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "small" in the following sentence: The project also considers initiatives to combat
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d002.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "states" in the following sentence: Seven member states are covered by the project :
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "covered" in the following sentence: Seven member states are covered by the project
semeval2015.d002.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d002.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "United" in the following sentence: Seven member states are covered by the project
semeval2015.d002.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Kingdom" in the following sentence: Seven member states are covered by the
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: This assistant is a professional in the field
semeval2015.d003.s000.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: This is a great opportunity for you to
semeval2015.d003.s000.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Public" in the following sentence: This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Assessment" in the following sentence: This document is a summary of the
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Report" in the following sentence: This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "explains" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medic
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Council" in the following sentence: The Council of Europe has been working
semeval2015.d003.s001.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Medicinal" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medic
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Products" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal Product
semeval2015.d003.s001.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Veterinary" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medic
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "Use" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal Product
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assessed" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studies" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "performed" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "reach" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recommendations" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "use" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medicinal Product
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: It explains how the Committee for Medic
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "represents" in the following sentence: The new logo represents the company'
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "active" in the following sentence: Cerenia contains the active substance mar
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "substance" in the following sentence: Cerenia contains the active substance
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship floated on the calm
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tablet" in the following sentence: Cerenia contains the active substance
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "solution" in the following sentence: Cerenia contains the active substance
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "injection" in the following sentence: Cerenia contains the active substance
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tablets" in the following sentence: The tablets are pale-orange
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "have" in the following sentence: The tablets are pale-orange and
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "score" in the following sentence: The tablets are pale-orange and
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "line" in the following sentence: The tablets are pale-orange and
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "so" in the following sentence: The tablets are pale-orange and
semeval2015.d003.s004.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tablet" in the following sentence: Each tablet is marked with the Pf
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "marked" in the following sentence: Each tablet is marked with the Pf
semeval2015.d003.s005.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "logo" in the following sentence: Each tablet is marked with the Pfizer
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "quantity" in the following sentence: Each tablet is marked with the Pfizer
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d003.s007.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the water
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "stops" in the following sentence: Cerenia is an anti-em
semeval2015.d003.s007.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: Cerenia is an anti-
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent vom
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2015.d003.s008.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent
semeval2015.d003.s008.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d003.s008.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicines" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "flood" in the following sentence: The floodwaters rose rapidly
semeval2015.d003.s008.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "known" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "cause" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent vom
semeval2015.d003.s008.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: It is used in dogs to prevent
semeval2015.d003.s009.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "combination" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such
semeval2015.d003.s009.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "supportive" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "measures" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as other
semeval2015.d003.s009.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "veterinary" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "special" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as other
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "diet" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as
semeval2015.d003.s009.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "also" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as other
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "used" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as other
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d003.s009.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "injection" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "injection" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "followed" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tablets" in the following sentence: In combination with supportive measures such as
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "purposes" in the following sentence: For these purposes, Cerenia can
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "given" in the following sentence: For these purposes, Cerenia can
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "days" in the following sentence: For these purposes, Cerenia can be
semeval2015.d003.s012.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "blocks" in the following sentence: Cerenia blocks a neurokin
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "receptor" in the following sentence: Cerenia blocks a neurokin
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "acts" in the following sentence: Cerenia blocks a neurokin
semeval2015.d003.s012.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "central nervous system" in the following sentence: Cerenia blocks a ne
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studied" in the following sentence: How has Cerenia been studied?
semeval2015.d003.s014.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: A large number of studies with Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The ship was floating on the water
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "laboratory" in the following sentence: A large number of studies with C
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the following sentence: A large number of studies with Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s014.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "patients" in the following sentence: A large number of studies with Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s014.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "veterinary" in the following sentence: A large number of studies with C
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s014.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "European countries" in the following sentence: A large number of studies with C
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is a great asset to the
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "shown" in the following sentence: What benefit has Cerenia shown during
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "studies" in the following sentence: What benefit has Cerenia shown during
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "results" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was able to complete the task
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "showed" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "more" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "effective" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "placebo" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "less" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s016.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "saw" in the following sentence: The car was parked in the drive
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dogs" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "received" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "placebo" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was able to complete the task
semeval2015.d003.s016.t016	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "prevention" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that C
semeval2015.d003.s016.t017	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: The results of the studies showed that
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant is responsible for the smooth running
semeval2015.d003.s017.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: The treatment of a vomiting dog
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dog" in the following sentence: The treatment of a vomiting dog should be
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "started" in the following sentence: The treatment of a vomiting dog should
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "injection" in the following sentence: The treatment of a vomiting dog should
semeval2015.d003.s017.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: The treatment of a vomiting dog
semeval2015.d003.s017.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s017.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tablet" in the following sentence: The treatment of a vomiting dog should
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "intact" in the following sentence: The treatment of a vomiting dog should
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tablet" in the following sentence: The treatment of a vomiting dog should
semeval2015.d003.s017.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "follow-up" in the following sentence: For follow-up treatment, the
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be available to assist you
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "owner" in the following sentence: For follow-up treatment, the animal owner
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "administer" in the following sentence: For follow-up treatment, the animal
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tablets" in the following sentence: For follow-up treatment, the animal
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dog" in the following sentence: For follow-up treatment, the animal owner
semeval2015.d003.s019.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for managing
semeval2015.d003.s019.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "only" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting should only
semeval2015.d003.s019.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "together with" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting should only
semeval2015.d003.s019.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "supportive" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting should
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "measure" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting should only
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "other" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting should only
semeval2015.d003.s019.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "veterinary" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s019.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant will be responsible for the smooth
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "addressing" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting should
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "causes" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting should
semeval2015.d003.s019.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "vomiting" in the following sentence: Also, the treatment of vomiting
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "risk" in the following sentence: What is the risk associated with Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s020.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "associated" in the following sentence: What is the risk associated with Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "well" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well tolerated when
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "tolerated" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well toler
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "administered" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well toler
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "daily" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well tolerated
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "dosages" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well toler
semeval2015.d003.s021.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "times" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well tolerated when
semeval2015.d003.s021.t007	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "recommended" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well toler
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "doses" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well tolerated
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "extended" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well tolerated
semeval2015.d003.s021.t010	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floating" in the following sentence: The boat floated on the calm
semeval2015.d003.s021.t011	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "times" in the following sentence: Cerenia was generally well tolerated when
semeval2015.d003.s021.t012	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floors" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "assistant" in the following sentence: The assistant was a vital member of the
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "precautions" in the following sentence: What are the precautions for
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "gives" in the following sentence: What are the precautions for the
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "medicine" in the following sentence: What are the precautions for
semeval2015.d003.s022.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "contact" in the following sentence: What are the precautions for the person
semeval2015.d003.s022.t006	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s023.t000	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: They needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "represent" in the following sentence: Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "risk" in the following sentence: Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	Question: select the most suitable meaning for "floor" in the following sentence: they needed rugs to cover the bare flo
