senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "art" in the given sentence is:3) a superior skill that you
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "peculiar" in the given sentence is:2) unique or specific
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:1) an Indo-European language
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `many'
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for "peculiarities" in the given sentence is:1) an odd or unusual characteristicThis
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "unintelligible" in the given sentence is:2) not clearly understood or expressed.
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable definition for "rest" in the given sentence is:2) freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as a whole
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scenes" in the given sentence is:9) the context and environment in which something is
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "evoke" in the given sentence is:5) call to mind
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loveliest" in this context is:1) appealing to the emotions as well as
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ancient" in the given sentence is:2) very oldThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "stone" in the given sentence is:2) building material consisting of a piece of rock h
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stands" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location, also metaphor
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level open landThis definition
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sound" in this context is:1) the particular auditory effect produced by a given cause
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cascading" in the given sentence is:1) rush down in big
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given context is:1) a structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "calling" in the sentence "the sound of bells cascading from its
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable definition of "faithful" in the given sentence is:1) any loyal and steadfast following.In the
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "evensong" in the given context is:2) (Anglican Church)
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "stop" in the given sentence is:11) stop and wait, as if awaiting further instructions
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "door" in the given sentence is:2) the entrance (the space in a
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "members" in the sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place; where the speaker
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "always" in the sentence is:1) at all times; all
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence is:3) someone who serves in the armed forces;
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:4) women as a class
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "pull" in the given sentence is:9) cause to move in a certain direction by exert
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in this context is:1) a strong lineThis definition refers to
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable definition of "same" in this context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or quantity
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" in this context is:9) a percussion instrument consisting of a set of
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable definition of "first" in the given sentence is:3) before another in time, space, or importance
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounded" in the given sentence is:2) make a certain noise or sound.
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable definition of "discordant" in this context is:2) lacking in harmonyIn this sentence, "
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition of "note" in this context is:3) a notation representing the pitch and duration of a musical
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable definition of "enjoying" in this context is:1) derive or receive pleasure from; get enjoyment
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:3) the sound of
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable definition of "cool" in the given sentence is:1) neither warm nor very cold; giving relief from
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "evening" in this context is:1) the latter part of the day (
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition of "most" in this context is:1) (superlative of `many' used with
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "other" in the given sentence is:3) belonging to the distant pastThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worshipThis
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sets" in this context is:1) a group of things of the same kind that
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the context of the sentence is:1) a
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given sentence is:3) at a previous timeThis definition fits the
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable definition is:1) a person who rings church bells (as for summoning the group to the service)
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The correct answer is:1) first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians.
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "morning" in the given sentence is:3) the first light
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evening" in the given sentence is:2) a later concluding
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable definition of "service" in the given sentence is:3) the act of public worship following prescribed rules.
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment.This definition
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or involvedThis
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "remains" in the given sentence is:3) be left; of
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "here" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is:1
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "today" for the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in; be an inhabit
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "group" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members) considered as
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition of "ringers" is:1) a person who rings church bells (as for summoning the
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "including" in the given sentence is:3) add as part of something else; put in
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "training" in this context is:1) activity leading to skilled behaviorIn this sentence,
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "drive" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicleThis definition best
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The correct definition is:1) first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians.
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable definition of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effort" in the given sentence is:2) use of physical or mental energy;
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "keep" in the given sentence is:20) maintain for use and
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in this context is:1) a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable definition for "sounding" in the given sentence is:2) make a certain noise or soundIn
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable definition of "even" in the given sentence is:3) to a greater degree or extent; used with
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "service" in this context is:15) the performance of duties by a waiter or servant
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition of "tower" in the given sentence is:2) anything that approximates the shape of a column
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scrape" in the given sentence is:6) bruise,
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "worker" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attemptThis
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "train" in the given sentence is:2) undergo training or instruction in preparation for a particular
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discos" in the given sentence is:1) popular dance music (especially in the
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "dances" in the given sentence is:3) taking a series of rhythmical steps (
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "just" in the given sentence is:5) only a very short time before; - W
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drift" in the given sentence is:2) wander from a
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "away" in the sentence is:10) in a different directionThis definition
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition of "worries" in the given sentence is:1) be worried, concerned, anxious, troubled
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "youth" in the given sentence is:6) the freshness and vitality characteristic of a
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "ranks" in the given sentence is:5) the body of members of an organization or
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable definition of "group" in the context of the sentence is:1) any number of entities (members)
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keeps" in the given sentence is:7) look after; be the keeper of
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "History" in the given sentence is:2) a record or narrative description of past events.
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side" in the sentence "History, after all, is not on
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "survey" in the given sentence is:1) a detailed critical inspectionThe sentence states that
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:1) carry outThis definition implies that the
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in this context is:2) a period of time occupying a regular part of a
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable definition of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "no" in the given sentence is:2) not in any degree
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable definition for "rung" in the context of the sentence is:3) make (bells) ring,
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The correct answer is:1) first day of the week; observed as a day of rest and worship by most Christians
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable definition of "ring" in this context is:3) make (bells) ring, often for the
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable definition of "easy" in the context of the sentence is:1) posing no difficulty; requiring little effort
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "see" in the given sentence is:2) perceive (an idea or situation) mentally
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ancient" in the given sentence is:2) very old.The phrase "on
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "art" in the sentence is:2) the creation of beautiful or
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition is:2) comparative of littleIn this sentence, "less" is used to indicate a degree
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "version" in the given sentence is:2) something a little different from others of the same
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "playing" in the given sentence is:6) replay (as a melody)The sentence describes
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tunes" in the given sentence is:1) a succession of
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument consisting of
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "continental" in the given sentence is:1) of or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Europe" in the given sentence is:1) the 2nd smallest
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "considered" in this context is:6) judge or regard; look upon; judge
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) the people of England
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fit" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `to' or
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The correct answer is:5) except thatIn this sentence, "only" is used to indicate that the English consider
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "foreigners" in this context is:1) a person who comes from a foreign country
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in this context is:1) an Indo-European language belonging to the West German
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invented" in the given sentence is:1) come up with (an idea,
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "requires" in the given sentence is:2) consider obligatory; request and expect
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "physical" in the given sentence is:3) having substance or material existence
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "bells" in the context of the sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "weigh" in the given sentence is:4) have weight; have
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intense" in the given sentence is:2) extremely sharp or
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mental" in the given context is:1) involving the mind or
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "concentration" that matches the context of the sentence is:5) complete attention; intense
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to England
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" among the given options is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rounds" in this context is:11) a partsong in which voices follow each
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "highest-pitched" is:1) used of sounds and voices; high in pitch or
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable definition of "bell" among the given options is:1) a hollow device made of metal that makes a
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lowest" in the given sentence is:5) used of sounds and voices; low in
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts;
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scale" in the context of the sentence is:6) (music
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ for
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "churches" in the given sentence is:2) a place for
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Then" in the given sentence is:3) at that timeThe word "
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition of "signal" in the given sentence is:1) any nonverbal action or gesture that enc
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" among the given options is:1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "varying" in the given sentence is:1) become different in some particular way,
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "order" in the given context is:4) logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument consisting of a set
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition of "sound" in the given sentence is:2) make a certain noise or sound.This definition
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "altering" in the given sentence is:2) become different in
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "steady" that matches the context of the sentence is:1) not subject to change or
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rhythm" in the given sentence is:3) an interval during
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	The most suitable definition of "striking" in this context is:2) the act of contacting one thing with another
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "variation" in the given sentence is:4) something a little different
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "occur" in the given sentence is:1) come to pass
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatIn
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasion
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" among the given options is:3) prescribed guide for conduct
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Ringers" is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "methods" in the given sentence is:1) a way of doing something, especially a
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable definition for "names" in the context of the sentence is:1) a language unit by which a person
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "series" in the given sentence is:7) (mathematics) the
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	Based on the sentence "A series of 5,000 or so changes is a `` peal `` and takes about three
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "about" in the sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "hours" in the given sentence is:2) clock timeThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition of "look" in this context is:2) the act of directing the eyes toward something and per
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practice" in this context is:2) systematic training by multiple repetitionsThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "church" in this context is:2) a place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "gives" from the provided list that identifies the meaning of "gives" in the
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition of "idea" in this context is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing you are
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing something
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "involved" in the given sentence is:1) connected by participation or association or
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringer" in the given sentence is:4) (hors
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stand" in the given sentence is:3) occupy a place or location, also metaphor
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "circle" in the given sentence is:3) something approximating the
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "foot" in the given sentence is:2) a linear unit of length equal to 12
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in the given sentence is:5) to a more advanced or advantageous positionIn
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stance" in the given context is:1) standing postureIn this sentence
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition of "pulling" in the given sentence is:4) apply force so as to cause motion towards
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rope" in the given sentence is:1) a strong line
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable definition of "small" in the given sentence is:9) not large but sufficient in size or amount.
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hole" in the given sentence is:1) an opening into or
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given sentence is:2) (literal meaning) being at or having
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "chamber" is:1) a natural or artificial
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speaks" in the given sentence is:5) make a characteristic
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:1) a strong lineThis definition accurately
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable definition of "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable definition of "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:9) a percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "muffled" in the given sentence is:2) deaden (a sound
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) the overhead upper surface of a covered
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "absorbed" in the given sentence is:2) retained without reflection
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	Based on the context, the most suitable definition of "stare" is:1) look at with fixed eyesIn
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "straight" in the given sentence is:3) in a straight line
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "ahead" in the given sentence is:6) to a different or a more advanced
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "using" in the given sentence is:5) avail oneself toIn
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "call" in the given sentence is:25) utter in a loud voice or announce.
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "watch" in the given sentence is:3) see or watchThe sentence states that "
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ropes" in this context is:1) a strong line
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:5) adjust so that a
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable definition of "pulls" in the given sentence is:2) the force used in pullingThis definition
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Far" in the given sentence is:2) at or to or from a
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "above" in the given sentence is:2) in or to a place that
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bronze" in the given sentence is:2) made from or
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition of "bells" in this context is:9) a percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "mounted" in this context is:3) fix onto a backing, setting, or support
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wheels" in the given sentence is:1) a simple machine
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "swing" among the options provided is:6) hang freelyThis definition accurately describes the
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "madly" in the given sentence would be:1) in an uncontrolled
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable definition for "full" in the given sentence is:2) constituting the full quantity or extent; complete
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable definition of "degrees" in the given sentence is:4) a measure for arcs and angles.This definition
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "starting" in the given sentence is:2) set in motion,
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ending" in the given sentence is:3) be the end of; be the last
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inverted" in the given sentence is:1) being in such a position that top
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "position" in the sentence is:1) the particular portion of space occupied
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for "ringers" is:1) a person who rings church bells (as for summoning the
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "use" in this context is:4) seek or achieve an end by using to one
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "retard" in the context of the sentence is:4) lose
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the given sentence is:4) changing location by moving back and forth
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "so" in the given sentence is:7) (usually followed by
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable definition of "bell" in this context is:1) a hollow device made of metal that makes a ringing
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "swap" in this context is:1) exchange or give (something) in exchange for
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "places" in the given sentence is:9) the particular portion of space occupied by something
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition of "well-known" in this context is:1) widely or fully knownThe phrase "well
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involving" in this context is:6) occupy or engage the interest of
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable definition of "English" in this context is:1) of or relating to England or its culture or people
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The correct answer is:2) to give an account or representation of in wordsThe sentence states that Dorothy L. S
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passion" in this context is:1) a strong feeling or emotionThis definition
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "finds" in the given sentence is:1) come upon,
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "satisfaction" in the given sentence is:1) the contentment one
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given context is:5) characterized by the
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "completeness" is:1) the state of
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable definition of "mechanical" in this context is:3) relating to or governed by or in accordance
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "perfection" is:2) an ideal instance;
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "Ringers" is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "added" in the given sentence is:2) state or say furtherIn this context,
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "filled" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "solemn" in this context is:1) dignified and somber in
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comes" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive, as in
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition of "ritual" in this context is:1) any customary observance or practiceIn this
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "performed" in this context is:1) carry out or perform an actionThe
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "become" in this context is:2) undergo a change or developmentIn this
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "obsession" in this context is:2) an unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "admits" in the given sentence is:1) declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition of "master" in the given sentence is:2) a person who has general authority over others
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `good') having
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "female" in the given sentence is:2) characteristic of or peculiar to
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "passion" in the given sentence is:6) any object of
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stays" in the given sentence is:4) continue in a place,
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its diameter;
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable definition for "however" in the given sentence is:2) by contrast; on the other handThe
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to a
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instancesThis definition
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The correct answer is:1) a person who rings church bells (as for summoning the church congregation)In this sentence
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable definition of "think of" in the given sentence is:6) choose in one's mindIn this
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is:2) the lowest part of anythingIn this context
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completed" in the given sentence is:1) come or bring to a finish or an
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition of "worked up" in this context is:1) form or accumulate steadilyIn this sentence,
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable definition of "sweat" in this context is:4) use of physical or mental energy; hard
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instancesThis definition
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "skip" in the given sentence is:4) leave suddenlyThis definition matches the
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "leaving" in the given sentence is:5) move out of or depart fromThis
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "worship" is:2) a feeling of profound
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "below" in the given sentence is:1) in or to a place
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable definition of "well" in the given sentence is:4) (used for emphasis or as an intensifier
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "membership" in the given sentence is:1) the body of members of an organization or group
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "steadily" in the given sentence is:1) at a steady rate or
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vicars" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressing" in the given sentence is:9) exert oneself continuously, vigorously, or
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equally" in this sentence is:2) in equal amounts or shares; in a
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instancesThis definition
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The correct answer is:1) a person who rings church bells (as for summoning the congregation)The sentence implies that
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "attend" in this context is:1) be present at (meetings, church services
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable definition for "services" in the given sentence is:3) the act of public worship following prescribed rules
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is:2) a period of time occupying a regular part of a
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable definition of "vicar" in this context is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable definition for "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or degreeThis
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "ringers" is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attend" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "service" in the given context is:3) the act of public worship following prescribed
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sacked" is:2) terminate the employment of; discharge from
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "entire" in the given sentence is:2) constituting the
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the context of the sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable definition of "promptly" in this context is:1) with little or no delayThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "protest" in the given sentence is:2) the act of
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "club" in the given sentence is:2) a formal association of people
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "treated" in the given sentence is:8) regard or consider in a specific
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "sort" in the given sentence is:2) an approximate definition or example
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "separate" in the given sentence is:2) standing apart; not attached to or supported
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable definition of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:2) original and of a kind not seen before
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable definition of "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people who adhere to a
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "still" in the given sentence is:1) with reference to action or condition
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ring" in this context is:3) make (bells) ring, often for
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "silent" in the given context is:1) marked by absence of sound
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "following" in the given sentence is:6) come after in time, as a
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed to act
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "refuses" in the given sentence is:2) refuse to acceptThis definition best captures
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "talk about" in the given sentence is:2) discuss or mention
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feels" in the context of the sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fault" in the given sentence is:3) the quality of being
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable definition for "next" in this context is:2) nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without intervening
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable definition of "altar" in this context is:2) a raised structure on which gifts or sacrifices to a
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "So" in the given sentence is:3) in such a condition or manner, especially
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in this context is:1) in or at this place; where the speaker
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "come" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in this context is:2) in or to a place that is higher
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "very" in this context is:1) used as intensifiers; `real'
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exit" in the given sentence is:1) an opening that permits
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable definition of "congregation" is:1) a group of people who adhere to a common faith and habit
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "prayer" in the given sentence is:1) the act of communicating
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "admits" in the given sentence is:1) declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "mixed" in the given sentence is:1) consisting of a haphazard assortment
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feelings" in the given sentence is:1) the experiencing of affective and emotional
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "issue" in the given sentence is:3) some situation or event that is
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:4) taking part in an activityThis definition
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bell-ringer" in the given sentence is:1) a person
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	Based on the given context, the most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" is:1) a
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draw" in the given sentence is:36) cause to localize at one pointThis
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:4) the common people generallyThis definition is
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:7) pursue a positive and satisfying existence
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The correct answer is:3) grounds for feeling hopeful about the futureThis definition captures the idea of having a reason or
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drawn" in the context of the sentence is:26) direct toward itself or oneself
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "fuller" in the given sentence is:3) complete in extent or degree and in every
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" is:1) a characteristic
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by some
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable definition of "parliament" in this context is:1) a legislative assembly in certain countriesThis definition
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable definition of "groups" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members) considered as a
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the given sentence is:5) intend (something) to move towards a
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "improve" in the given sentence is:1) to make better
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable definition is:3) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed to act as priest of a parish
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable definition of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the given sentence is:4) the officer who presides at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hopes" in the given sentence is:3) intend with some
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable definition of "speak" in this context is:5) make a characteristic or natural soundIn this
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable definition for "colleges" in the given sentence is:2) an institution of higher education created to
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "joys" in this context is:1) the emotion of great happiness.The sentence states
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable definition is:3) playing a set of bells that are (usually) hung in a towerThis definition
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable definition for "shortly" in the given sentence is:2) in the near futureThis definition accurately
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publish" in the given sentence is:3) have (one's written work) issued
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vicar" is:3) (Church of England) a clergy
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The correct answer is:2) give a title toThe sentence states that the booklet is "entitled" to be
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Bells" in this context is:1) a hollow device made of metal that makes
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable definition of "care" in this context is:5) activity involved in maintaining something in good working order.
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Says" among the given options is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recognize" in the given sentence is:2) be fully aware or cognizant
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "no" in the given sentence is:2) not in any degree
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "high" in the given sentence is:3) standing above others in
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:3) the course of existence
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "attacking" in the context of the sentence is:3) take the initiative and go
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in this context is:3) a contestant entered in a competition under false pret
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition of "survey" in this context is:3) the act of looking or seeing or observingThis
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable definition of "bellringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence is:1) and nothing moreThis
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable definition of "still" in this sentence is:1) with reference to action or condition; without change,
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church bells
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "always" in the given sentence is:2) without variation or change
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of metal that
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "need" in the given sentence is:3) have or feel a need
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rung" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable definition for "small" in the given sentence is:9) not large but sufficient in size or amount
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "council" in the given sentence is:1) a body serving
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attract" in the given sentence is:2) be attractive toIn
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "train" in the given sentence is:2) undergo training or instruction
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ringer" in the given sentence is:2) a person who is almost
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatThe sentence implies that the program
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "says" in the sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition of "right" in the given sentence is:4) toward or on the right; also used figur
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lucky" in the given sentence is:2) having or bringing
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in a competition under false
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "adds" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "bright" in the given sentence is:8) clear and sharp and ringing
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sign" from the given options that identifies the meaning of "sign" in the sentence is
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable definition for "number" in the sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "women" in the sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "entered" in the given sentence is:2) become a participant; be involved in
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "once" in the sentence is:3) at a previous time
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable definition for "field" in the given sentence is:3) somewhere (away from a studio or office or
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "third" in the context of the sentence is:3) following the second position in an
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable definition is:2) the day that includes the present moment (as opposed to yesterday or tomorrow)This definition
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable definition of "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accepted" in the given sentence is:5) admit into a group or communityThis
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "however" in the sentence "They are not accepted everywhere, however"
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable definition for "bell-ringing" in the given sentence is:3) playing a set of bells that are
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "founded" in the sentence is:1) set up or found
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable definition of "remains" in the given sentence is:1) stay the same; remain in a certain
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable definition of "fact" from the given options is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information about something
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "particularly" in the given sentence is:2) specifically or especially distinguished from
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:4) women as a class
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "group" in this context is:1) any number of entities (members) considered as
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable definition is:2) veryIn the sentence, "most prestigious" is an adjective phrase that means "
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "churches" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:4) women as a class
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable definition of "filed" in the given sentence is:4) file a formal charge againstIn this
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable definition for "problem" in this context is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable definition of "surfaced" in this context is:3) appear or become visible; make a showing
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	The most suitable definition of "summer" in this context is:2) the period of finest development, happiness, or beauty
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable definition of "series" in the given sentence is:1) similar things placed in order or happening one after
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for "letters" in this context is:1) a written message addressed to a person or organization.
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "newspaper" is:1) a daily or weekly publication on
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable definition of "ringers" in this context is:1) a person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable definition is:2) a person who is able to write and has written something.This definition is more inclusive
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable definition for "signing" in this context is:1) mark with one's signature; write one's
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "letter" in the given sentence is:1) a written message addressed to
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The correct answer is:2) a person who belongs to the sex that cannot have babiesIn this context, the word
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable definition of "remarked" in this context is:2) make or write a comment onThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The correct answer is:1) the number of occurrences within a given time periodIn this context, "frequency of women
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence would be:4) women as a classThis definition encompasses the broader meaning of
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suggested" in this context is:3) imply as a possibilityIn the sentence
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable definition of "back" in this context is:1) in or to or toward a former locationIn
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for "traditional" in this context is:1) consisting of or derived from traditionThe sentence is
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable definition of "role" in this context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the sentence is:4) cause to do; cause to
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tea" in the given context is:2) a light midafternoon
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable definition of "meetings" among the options is:4) the social act of assembling for some common purpose
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable definition of "torrent" in this context is:3) an overwhelming number or amountThe sentence states that
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replies" in this context is:1) a statement (either spoken or written)
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "followed" in the given sentence is:6) come after in
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in this context is:2) a person who is almost identical to another
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "observed" in the given sentence is:3) observe with care or pay close attention
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:5) relating to or constit
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable definition of "male" in this context is:2) characteristic of a manThis definition indicates that "
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in the given context is:2) a person who is almost identical to another
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable definition for "badly" in the given sentence is:2) (`ill' is often used as a
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dressed" in the given sentence is:1) dressed or clothed especially
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The correct answer is: 1) above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent.In the given sentence
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The correct definition of "unwashed" in the given sentence is:2) not cleaned with or as if with soap
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:4) women as a class
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "wrote" in the given sentence is:2) communicate or express by
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable definition of "say" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in this context is:2) a period of time occupying a regular part of a
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "never" in the given sentence is:2) not at all;
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "known" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable definition is:1) a polite name for any womanThis is because in the sentence, "lady"
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "belfry" in the given sentence is:1) a bell tower; usually stands alone
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seen" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "men" in the given sentence is:3) someone who serves in the armed
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "die" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "Medical" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the study or practice of medicine
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "starting" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable definition of "handful" in the given sentence is:1) a small number or amount.In this
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledThe sentence
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unleash" in the given sentence is:1) release or ventThis definition
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "chaotic" in the given sentence is:2) completely unordered and
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable definition of "growth" in the given sentence is:6) (pathology) an abnormal proliferation of tissue
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "characterizes" in the given sentence is:2) be characteristic of
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition of "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition of "discovery" in this context is:1) the act of discovering somethingIn this sentence
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The correct definition is:2) of the immediate past or just previous to the present time.This definition of "recent"
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition is:2) a time unit of approximately 30 daysThis is because the sentence is referring to
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the sentence "Scientists say the discovery of these genes in
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develops" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold, or
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "understanding" in the given sentence is:4) the capacity for rational thought or inference
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expected" in the given sentence is:3) look forward to the probable occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition of "produce" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or yieldThis definition best captures
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable definition of "array" in the given sentence is:1) an orderly arrangementThis definition fits the context
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable definition of "new" in the given sentence is:2) original and of a kind not seen before.
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategies" in the given sentence is:1) an elaborate and systematic plan of action
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "future" in the given sentence is:1) yet to be or coming
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "developing" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The correct answer is:1) use as a basis for; found onIn this sentence, "based" is used
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "identified" in the given sentence is:2) give the name or identifying characteristics
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" among the given options is:5) the continuum of experience in which events pass
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable definition of "otherwise" in this context is:1) in other respects or waysThis definition implies that
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "healthy" in the given context is:1) having or indicating good health in
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "individual" in the given sentence is:1) a human beingThis definition is more specific
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:2) likely but not certain
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "get" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition of "set" in this context is:1) a group of things of the same kind that belong
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "discoveries" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatThis definition indicates a sense
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The correct answer is:1) a period of 10 yearsThe sentence is referring to a time period of 10
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "molecular" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or produced by or consisting
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable definition of "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable definition of "accumulation" in the given sentence is:2) several things grouped together or considered as a
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "altered" in the given sentence is:3) changed in order to improve
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "initiate" in this context is:5) set in motion, start an event or
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "then" in the given sentence is:2) in that case or
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition of "propel" in this context is:1) cause to move forward with forceThe sentence
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deadly" in the given sentence is:1) causing or capable
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect to its
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "call" in the given sentence is:1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the sentence is:1) not of long duration;
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "class" in the context of the sentence is:1) a collection of things sharing a common
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The correct answer is:4) in a simple manner; without extravagance or embellishment.In this context, "sim
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "functioning" in the given sentence is:2) serve a purpose
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hold" in the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:1) (biology) the process
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in this context is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damageThe
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "radiation" in the given sentence is:3) syndrome resulting from exposure to ionizing
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:13) behave in a certain
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "turn" in the given sentence is:6) pass to the other
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable definition of "identified" in the given sentence is:5) identify as in botany or biology, for
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differ" in the given sentence is:1) be differentThe sentence implies that
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in this context is:6) (biology) a taxonomic group containing one
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discovered" in the given sentence is:3) make a discovery
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "early" in the given sentence is:1) at or near the beginning of a period of
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "called" in the sentence is:28) rouse somebody from sleep with a call
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "present" in the given sentence is:1) temporal sense; intermediate between past and future
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable definition of "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence, or
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	The correct answer is:1) conforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type or social norm;
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" is:1) relating to or affected with cancerThis definition accurately
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggesting" in the given sentence is:3) imply as a possibilityThis definition
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable definition is:1) give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionallyThis definition of
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" among the given options is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The correct answer is:2) of the immediate past or just previous to the present timeThe word "recent" typically
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:2) a time unit of approximately
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable definition for "come" in the sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive, as in due course
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for "believe" in the given sentence is:3) be confident about somethingThis definition captures
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in the context of the sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" among the given options is:16) cause to change or turn into something different
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The most suitable definition of "only" in this context is:2) without any others being included or involvedThis definition
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The correct answer is:3) receive by genetic transmissionThis definition accurately describes the meaning of "inherited" in the
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parent" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "Either copy can make the proteins needed to control
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "needed" in the given sentence is:3) have or feel a
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "control" in the given sentence is:3) handle and cause to functionThis definition
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of the sentence is:3) a process
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arise" in the given sentence is:2) originate or come
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "impaired" in the given sentence is:1) diminished in strength
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "person" in the given sentence is:1) a human being
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "born" in the given sentence is:13) be pregnant withThis definition refers to
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "early" in this context is:2) before the usual time or the time expectedThis
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic state or
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in this context is:5) except thatIn this sentence, "only
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "lose" in the given sentence is:1) fail to keep or to maintain;
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The correct definition of "other" in the sentence is:3) belonging to the distant pastIn the sentence, "
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable definition of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition of "develop" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold, or evolve through
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "Emerging" in the given sentence is:2) coming into existenceThe word "em
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "able" in the given sentence is:2) have the skills and qualifications to
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "individuals" in the given sentence is:1) a human beingThe sentence is referring
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "believe" in the given sentence is:3) be confident about something
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable definition of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (or
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable definition of "age" in this context is:3) a time of life (usually defined in years)
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "first" in this context is:2) indicating the beginning unit in a seriesIn
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition of "beneficiaries" in the given sentence is:1) the recipient of funds or other benefits
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (or
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:3) something that is foundIn this
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "couple" in the given sentence is:2) a pair of people
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition of "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "even" in the given sentence is:2) in spite of; notwithstandingThe
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "before" in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time;
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "became" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pregnant" in the given sentence is:1) carrying developing offspring
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable definition is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any ageThis definition most accurately describes
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "chance" in the given sentence is:4) a measure of how
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable definition of "occurs" in this context is:1) come to passThis definition fits the sentence
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "about" in the sentence is:1) (of quantities) im
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionThis is because the sentence
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable definition for "births" in this context is:5) a baby born; an offspringIn this
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable definition of "knew" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carried" in the context of the sentence is:5) bear or be able to
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledIn this
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable definition of "lost" in the given sentence is:3) suffer the loss of a person through death or
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in this context is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatIn
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The correct answer is: 1) a woman who has given birth to a child (also used as a term of address
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "suffered" in the given context is:2) undergo (as of
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in this context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fate" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:3) your overall circumstances
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "baby" in the given sentence is:4) an unborn child;
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "isolation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of isolating something
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The correct answer is:2) undergo a change or developmentThe sentence states that "it became possible" to find out
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "possible" in this context is:1) capable of happening or existingThis definition accurately
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The correct answer is: 2) coming after all others in time or space or degree or being the only one remaining.
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find out" in the given sentence is:3) find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "threat" in the given sentence is:1) something that is a
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition of "baby" in the given sentence is:4) an unborn child; a human fetus.This
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable definition for "faced" in the given sentence is:3) be oriented in a certain direction, often
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "using" in the given sentence is:4) seek or achieve an end by using
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (or
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something, as
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given sentence is:2) (quantifier used with mass nouns) small
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The correct answer is:3) receive by genetic transmissionThe sentence states that Will Quinlan "inherited" a
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "faced" in the given sentence is:3) be oriented in a certain direction
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `much'
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "risk" in the given sentence is:1) a source of danger
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable definition of "children" in this context is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of any
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable definition of "developing" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The correct answer is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "It made our New Year" is:3) make or
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the sentence "It made our New Year" is:9) state as
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable definition is:1) a human beingThe sentence refers to a person as the subject of the test,
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expect" in the given sentence is:3) look forward to the
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition of "develop" in this context is:10) grow, progress, unfold, or evolve through a
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable definition of "Equally" in the given sentence is:2) in equal amounts or shares; in a
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis definition
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "controls" in the given sentence is:3) handle and cause to function
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "named" in the given sentence is:5) mention and identify by
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "opened" in the given sentence is:2) start to operate or function or cause to
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recent" in the given sentence is:2) of the immediate past
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable definition of "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 30 daysThis
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable definition of "exploded" in the given sentence is:10) increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "turns out" in the given sentence is:1) be shown or be
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "studying" in this context is:1) consider in detail and subject to an analysis
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition is:1) very sad; especially involving grief or death or destructionIn this context, "tr
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "uncommon" in this context is:1) not common or ordinarily encountered; unusually great
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "possible" in this context is:1) capable of happening or existingThis definition implies
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fundamental" in the given sentence is:2) being or involving
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "insights" in the given sentence is:3) the clear (
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "basic" in this context is:2) reduced to the simplest and most significant form
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable definition of "director" in this context is:2) member of a board of directorsThe sentence states
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "public" in this context is:1) people in general considered as a wholeThe sentence
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "concerned" in the given sentence is:1) feeling or showing worry
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advances" in this context is:2) a change for the better; progress in
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basic" in this context is:2) reduced to the simplest and most significant form possible
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showing" in the given sentence is:8) be or become visible or noticeable
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "results" in the given sentence is:3) something that resultsThis definition captures the idea
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "there" in the given sentence is:2) in that matterThe
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable definition of "made" in the sentence "Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of Dr. Dryja's achievement is:1) the
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable definition of "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable definition of "spring" in the given sentence is:1) the season of growthThis definition is the
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition of "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result of an investigation or experience
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence, or
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable definition for "called" is:1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper name toThis definition
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "impaired" in this context is:1) make worse or less effectiveIn this
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "turns" in the given sentence is:16) cause to change
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "healthy" in this context is:1) having or indicating good health in body or mind
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The correct definition of "colon" in this context is:1) the part of the large intestine between the cecum
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancerous" in the given sentence is:1) relating to
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teams" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledThis definition implies
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "present" in the given sentence is:1) temporal sense; intermediate
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The correct answer is 3) (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but.The
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction or quality; widely known
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forms" in the given sentence is:2) a category of things distinguished by some common
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "killing" in this context is:9) deprive of lifeThis definition accurately
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Americans" in the given sentence is:1) a native or inhabitant
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Right" in the given sentence is:4) toward or on the
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment.The sentence
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "about" in the given sentence is:3) in the area or vicinityThis definition
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition is:1) a workplace for the conduct of scientific researchThis definition accurately describes the context in which
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition for "U.S." in this context is:2) North American republic containing 50 states -
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "racing" in the given sentence is:3) to work as
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The correct definition of "other" in the given sentence is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the sentence "They have about seven candidates" is:1) (of
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable definition of "alone" in this context is:1) without any others being included or involved.This definition
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "combination" in the given sentence is:1) a collection of things that have been
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crucial" in the given sentence is:2) having crucial relevance
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:3) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "scourges" in this context is:2) something causing misery or deathThis definition
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:1) that part of the
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "skin" in the given sentence is:2) an outer surface (usually
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cervix" from the given options is:2) necklike opening to the uterus
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that makes
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable definition of "people" in this context is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable definition of "versions" in the given sentence is:2) something a little different from others of the same
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "explaining" in the given sentence is:3) serve as a
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for "finally" in the given sentence is:2) as the end result of a succession or process
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable definition of "seem" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:3) established beyond doubt or question; definitely
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable definition of "families" in this context is:4) people descended from a common ancestorThis definition
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "story" in the given sentence is:1) a message that tells
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "goes back" in the given sentence is:1) belong to
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "named" in the given sentence is:5) mention and identify by name
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proposed" in the sentence is:1) make a proposal,
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stemmed" in the given sentence is:1) grow out of
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "separate" in the given sentence is:1) independent; not united
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable definition of "defects" in the given context is:2) a failing or deficiencyIn this sentence
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "theorized" in the given sentence is:2) construct a
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable definition of "eye" in this context is:1) the organ of sightThis definition is most relevant
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the context of the sentence is:1) any
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable definition of "inherited" from the given options is:3) receive by genetic transmissionThis definition directly
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledThe sentence describes
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the context of the sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "parent" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable definition of "normal" in the given sentence is:3) being approximately average or within certain limits in e
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "developed" in the given sentence is:10) grow, progress
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "second" in this context is:1) coming next after the first in position
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition of "normal" in this context is:3) being approximately average or within certain limits in e.g
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition of "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledThe sentence
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:2) how a result is obtained or an end
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prove" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "theory" in the given sentence is:2) a tentative insight into
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "Back" in the given sentence is:4) in or to or toward a past time
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "then" in the given sentence is:3) at that timeThe
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "specific" in the given sentence is:1) (sometimes followed by `to') applying to
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable definition of "see" in this context is:19) observe as if with an eyeThis definition implies
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pairs" in the given sentence is:1) a set of two
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contain" in the given sentence is:5) be capable of holding
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable definition for "gross" in the given sentence is:4) visible to the naked eye (especially of rocks
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition for "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "visible" in the context of the sentence is:2) obvious to the eyeThis
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence,
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition of "eye" in this context is:1) the organ of sightThis definition is relevant because
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inherited" that identifies the meaning of the sentence is:3) receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for "parent" in this context is:1) a father or mother; one who begets or
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:4) as a sentence modifier to add slight emphasis
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the power
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bit" in the given sentence is:2) a small fragment of
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumed" in the given sentence is:1) take to be the case or to
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of a wholeThis definition
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable definition of "contained" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain; have as a component
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable definition of "loss" in the given sentence is:4) the disadvantage that results from losing somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition of "critical" in the given sentence is:4) urgently needed; absolutely necessary.This definition best
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "role" in this context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or required or
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition of "setting off" in this context is:6) set in motion or cause to beginThis
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable definition of "cancer" among the given options is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "then" in the given sentence is:3) at that timeThe sentence is indicating
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable definition is:1) of or relating to the practice of scienceThis definition accurately describes the meaning of "
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable definition for "led" in the given sentence is:7) be in charge ofThe sentence states that
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence, or
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable definition of "answer" in the given sentence is:2) a statement that solves a problem or explains how
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)This
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "used" in the sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battery" in the given sentence is:2) a device that produces electricity; may have
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable definition of "developed" among the given options that identifies the meaning of "developed" in the context
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable definition of "material" in the given sentence is:2) information (data or ideas or observations) that
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "presence" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being present
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analyzing" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extracted" in the given sentence is:6) obtain from a substance, as by
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "eye" in this context is:1) the organ of sightThis definition
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "defects" in this context is:2) a failing or deficiencyThis definition best fits
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable definition of "second" in this context is:1) coming next after the first in position in space or
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The correct answer is: 2) a thing made to be similar or identical to another thing.In this context, "
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "exact" in the given sentence is:1) marked by strict and particular and complete
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The correct answer is: 2) indicating the beginning unit in a series.In this sentence, "first" refers to
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The correct definition is: 2) a thing made to be similar or identical to another thing.In this sentence, "
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "finding" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is:3) something that is
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "medicine" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is:2)
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "first" in the given sentence is:2) indicating the beginning unit in a series
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable definition of "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for some event
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "loss" in the given sentence is:4) the disadvantage that results
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable definition of "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lead" in the given sentence is:3) tend to or result in
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eruption" in the given sentence is:4) a sudden violent spontaneous occurrence (usually
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "satisfying" in the given context is:2) providing freedom from worryIn
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable definition of "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "true" in the given sentence is:5) conforming to definitive criteriaThis
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable definition of "true" in the given sentence is:5) conforming to definitive criteriaThis definition implies
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the context of the sentence is:1) any malignant
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "audacious" is:3) disposed to venture or take risks
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claim" in the sentence "It was an audacious claim" is
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "believed" in this context is:1) accept as true; take to
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "right" in the sentence is:5) correct in opinion or judgment
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set out" in this context is:1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable definition of "repeat" in the given sentence is:1) to say, state, or perform again
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "experiment" in the given sentence is:1) the act of conducting a controlled
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	The correct definition is:3) belonging to the distant pastIn this context, "other" refers to cancers that are
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the context of the sentence is:1) any
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "teams" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)The
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result of an investigation or
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable definition of "dual" in the given sentence is:1) consisting of or involving two parts or components
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "losses" in the given sentence is:4) the disadvantage that results from losing something
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable definition for "childhood" in the given sentence is:1) the time of person's life when they
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable definition of "called" in the given sentence is:1) assign a specified (usually proper) proper name
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:2) direct one's interest or attention towards; go
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attention" in the given sentence is:1) the process whereby a person concentrates
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "biggest" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size or number or
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "killer" in the given sentence is:1) someone who causes the death of a
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable definition of "U.S." in this context is:2) North American republic containing 50 states -
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "believed" in the given sentence is:3) be confident about
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "arise" in the given sentence is:2) originate or come into being
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in the context of the sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instances.
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	The correct answer is:2) seem to be true, probable, or apparentIn this sentence, "seems"
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "develop" in the context of the sentence is:10) grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable definition for "stages" in the given sentence is:6) a section or portion of a journey or
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) frequently or in great quantities
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable definition of "preceded" in this context is:2) come beforeThis definition accurately captures the meaning
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" among the given options is:7) a person who is subjected to experimental or
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable definition for "stages" in this context is:2) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "progressing" in this context is:2) move forward, also in the
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	The most suitable definition of "less" in this context is:2) comparative of littleIn the sentence, "less
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "severe" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:6) very bad in
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deadly" among the given options is:1) causing or capable of causing death
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "occurring" in the given sentence is:1) come to passThis definition best
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "student" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "began" among the options is:1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 30 days.
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tedious" in this context is:1) so lacking in interest as to cause mental
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable definition for "often" in the sentence is:2) frequently or in great quantities.In the context of
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "searching" in the given sentence is:1) try to locate
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "signs" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) any
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "damage" in the given sentence is:1) the occurrence of a change for the
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable definition of "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable definition of "confusing" in this context is:2) lacking clarity of meaning; causing confusion or perplex
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "variety" in the given sentence is:1) a collection containing
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable definition of "existing" in the given sentence is:1) have an existence, be extantThe
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The correct answer is:2) without any others being included or involvedThis definition accurately captures the meaning of "only"
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The correct definition of "polyps" in this context is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of a muc
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in this context is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable definition of "coherent" in the given sentence is:2) capable of thinking and expressing yourself in a
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "picture" in the sentence is:3) a clear and telling mental
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "development" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "emerged" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The correct answer is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to another thing.The word "copies" in
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "certain" in the given sentence is:3) established beyond doubt or question
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable definition of "knocked out" in the given sentence is:3) destroy or break forcefullyThis definition
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "polyps" in this context is:1) a small vascular growth on the surface of a
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "If both copies of a certain gene were knocked out
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "second" in the sentence is:1) coming next after the first
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	The most suitable definition of "then" in this sentence is:2) in that case or as a consequenceThis definition
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "deleted" in the given sentence is:3) cut or eliminateThis definition
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "malignancy" in the given context is:1) (medicine) a malignant state
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "clear" in the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene had to
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "develop" in the context of the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene had
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "galvanized" in the given sentence is:1) to stimulate to action
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular biologists" is:4)
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confirming" in the given sentence is:2) serving to support or corroborate
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that makes
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "needed" in this context is:3) have or feel a need forIn this
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "losses" in this context is:4) the disadvantage that results from losing somethingIn
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable definition of "critical" in the given sentence is:4) urgently needed; absolutely necessaryIn this context
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "yet" in the given sentence is:2) used in negative statement to describe
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nail" in the sentence is:6) locate exactlyIn
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "identity" in the given sentence is:2) the individual characteristics by
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable definition of "flipped" in the context of the sentence is:8) turn upside down, or throw
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The correct answer is:5) a punctuation mark (:) used after a word introducing a series or an example or an explanation
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "full-blown" in the given sentence is:2) having or
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "malignancy" in the given sentence is:1) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "down" in the given sentence is:1) spatially or metaphor
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable definition of "length" in the given sentence is:1) the linear extent in space from one end to
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	The most suitable definition is:1) try to locate or discover, or try to establish the existence ofThe sentence states
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "common" in this context is:2) having no special distinction or quality; widely known
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bit" in the given context is:6) a unit of measurement of information
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable definition of "material" in the given sentence is:2) information (data or ideas or observations) that
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the given sentence is:1) fail to keep or to maintain; cease
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "piece" in the context of "a piece of DNA" would be
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the basis
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constitute" in the given sentence is:1) form or composeIn this
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:3) come upon after searching; find the location
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The correct answer is: 2) coming after all others in time or space or degree or being the only one remaining.
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dubious" that identifies the meaning in the sentence is:1) fraught with uncertainty or
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "search" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of looking
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable definition of "doubts" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being unsure of something
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in the given sentence is:1) grow out of, have roots in,
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The correct definition is:1) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number more than 2 or 3 but
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "earlier" in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time;
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable definition of "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence, or
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable definition of "experiments" in this context is:1) the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable definition of "mice" in this context is:1) any of numerous small rodents typically resembling diminutive
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "called" in the given sentence is:1) assign a specified (usually proper
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "transform" in this context is:6) change (a bacterial cell) into a genetically
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "normal" in the given sentence is:1) conforming with or
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic structural
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancerous" is:1) relating to or affected with cancer
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ones" in this context is:2) a single person or thing
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "exactly" in this context is:1) indicating exactness or preciseness.This
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:4) unchanged in character or nature
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for "spot" in the given sentence is:5) a small contrasting part of somethingIn this
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in the sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable definition is:1) give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionallyIn this context
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The correct definition is:1) contribute to the progress or growth ofIn this context, "promoting" means to
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of the sentence is:3) a process
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in this context is:1) try to locate or discover, or try
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "suppressed" in this context is:5) reduce the incidence or severity of
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of the sentence is:3) a process
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "human" in the given sentence is:3) having human form or
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable definition of "identical" in this context is:2) being the exact same one; not any other
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "turned out" in the given context is:2) prove to be in the result or
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable definition of "observing" in this context is:3) observe with care or pay close attention to
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damaged" in this context is:1) harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable definition for "form" in this context is:2) a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThe sentence
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable definition of "suddenly" in this context is:2) quickly and without warningThe word "s
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "puts" in the given sentence is:2) cause to be in a
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable definition for "right" in the given sentence is:4) toward or on the right; also used figur
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "formation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of forming or establishing somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in this context is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "leader" in this context is:1) a person who rules or guides or inspires others
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis definition accurately captures
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "emerging" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:3) become known or
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in this context is:1) connected by participation or association or use
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The correct answer is: 1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied.The sentence is saying that the
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the given sentence is:2) in additionThe sentence is indicating that
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable definition for "found" in the sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence, or fact
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The correct answer is:2) either of two soft fleshy milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copy" in this context is:2) a thing made to be
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable definition for "spot" in the given sentence is:3) an outstanding characteristicThe sentence states that "
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instances
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "strikes" in the given context is:6) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable definition of "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social group
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable definition of "certain" in the given sentence is:3) established beyond doubt or question; definitely known
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "families" in the given sentence is:4) people descended from a common ancestor
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) receive by genetic
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or spoiledIn this
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "form" in the given sentence is:12) (physical chemistry) a distinct
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:4) women as a class
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "implicated" in the sentence is:1) bring into intimate and inc
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable definition of "last" in the given sentence is:1) immediately pastThe sentence states "out last
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable definition of "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the sentence is:10) pick out, select, or choose from a
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism consisting of
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable definition of "tested" in the given sentence is:2) test or examine for the presence of disease or
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "missing" in the given sentence is:6) be withoutThis definition implies that the
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:2) used in negative statement to describe a situation
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable definition of "tissue" is:1) part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable definition of "taken" in the given sentence is:4) get into one's hands, take physically
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:1) that part of the
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "at the same time" is:1) at the same instantThis definition implies a
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable definition of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)In
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable definition of "rushing" in the given sentence is:4) act or move at high speed.This
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable definition of "hopes" in this context is:3) intend with some possibility of fulfilmentIn
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this context is:1) connected by participation or association or use.This
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "close" in the given sentence is:1) at or within a short distance
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "involved" in the sentence is:1) connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable definition for "types" in the given context is:3) (biology) the taxonomic group whose characteristics
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thought" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe,
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable definition of "believes" in this context is:3) be confident about somethingThis definition fits the
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable definition of "people" in this context is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (men
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inherit" in this context is:3) receive by genetic transmissionThis definition accurately describes
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable definition for "copies" in this context is:2) a thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable definition of "reported" in this context is:2) announce as the result of an investigation or experience or
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "involved" in this context is:1) connected by participation or association or
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The correct definition of "other" in the given sentence is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in this context is:2) comparative of much; to a greater degree or
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction or quality;
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discoveries" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in the context of the sentence is:5) except thatIn this sentence
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "speculate" in the given sentence is:1) to believe especially on uncertain
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable definition for "major" in this context is:2) greater in scope or effectThis definition implies that
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "unit" in the given sentence is:2) an individual or group
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "collaborating" in the given sentence is:1) work together on
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable definition of "hunters" in the given sentence is:2) a person who searches for somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "turn" in the given sentence is:3) undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discoveries" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the given sentence is:2) original and of a
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable definition of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having just (or
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "slow" in the given sentence is:1) lose velocity; move more
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "reverse" in the given sentence is:5) reverse the position, order, relation
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of cancer is:6) (pathology)
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The correct answer is:1) use as a basis for; found onIn this sentence, "based on" means
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable definition for "produced" in the context of the sentence is:3) cause to happen, occur or
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "idea" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "administer" in the given sentence is:4) give or apply
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical care.
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating good
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable definition of "versions" in the given sentence is:2) something a little different from others of the same
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "possible" in this context is:1) capable of happening or existingThis
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "replace" in the given sentence is:4) put in the place of another; switch seemingly
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "healthy" in the given sentence is:1) having or indicating good
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable definition for "versions" in the given sentence is:2) something a little different from others of the same
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "come close" in the given sentence is:1) nearly do something
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "witnessing" in this context is:2) perceive or be contemporaneous with
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in the given context is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis definition
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable definition for "most" in the given sentence is:3) (of actions or states) slightly short of
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable definition for "steps" in the context of the sentence is:1) any maneuver made as part of progress
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "genesis" that identifies the meaning of the word in the given context is:1) a
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable definition of "teach" in the given sentence is:1) impart skills or knowledge toThis definition
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "read" among the given options is:3) look at, interpret
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "write" among the given options is:9) write or name the letters that comprise the
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reckon" in the given sentence is:4) make a mathematical calculation or computation
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire for; want
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition of "reason" is:1) a rational motive for a belief or actionThis definition captures the
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "want" in this context is:1) feel or have a desire for; want strongly
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "effective" in the given sentence is:2) able to accomplish a
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" is:1) the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition of "require" in the given sentence is:2) consider obligatory; request and expectIn this
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "relinquish" in the given context is:2) do without or cease to hold
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable definition for "metaphysical" in the given sentence is:3) highly abstract and overly theoreticalThe
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beliefs" in this context is:1) any cognitive content held as trueThis
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things especially persons
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable definition for the word "people" in the given sentence is:4) the common people generallyThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "violate" in the given context is:1) fail to agree with; be in
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable definition of "interests" in this context is:2) a reason for wanting something doneThis definition
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition of "beliefs" in this context is:1) any cognitive content held as true.This definition
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "dominate" in the given sentence is:2) be in control
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "establishment" in the given sentence is:4) a public or
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) a person active in party politics.
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:2) in spite of; notwithstandingThis definition
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The correct definition that identifies the meaning of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "blasphemous" in this context is:1) grossly irreverent toward what
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) take exception toIn this context,
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable definition of "here" is:1) in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "example" is:2) a representative form or patternThis definition accurately captures the meaning of
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ask" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition of "sample" in this context is:1) a small part of something intended as representative of the
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in this context is:1) hope for; have a wishIn this
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition is:2) inspire with confidence; give hope or courage toThis definition best captures the meaning of
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" among the given options is:1) a statement (either spoken or written)
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mean" in the context of "creativity" is:3)
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "one" is:2) a single person or thing.This definition
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition of "equated" in this context is:1) consider or describe as similar, equal, or
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for "encourages" in this context is:2) inspire with confidence; give hope or courage
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:3) something that resultsThis definition captures the
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "generation" in the given sentence is:1) all the people living
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable definition of "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things especially persons) in
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "people" in the given sentence is:4) the common people generallyThe sentence is referring
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable definition of "incompetence" in this context would be:1) lack of physical or intellectual ability or
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matched" in the given sentence is:4) be equal to in quality or ability
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:5) except thatIn
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" in the given sentence is:1) having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opinion" in the given sentence is:2) a message expressing a belief about something
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "whole" in this context is:1) including all components without exception; being one unit
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in this context is:2) a general inclusive conceptThis definition fits
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" is:2) knowledge acquired by learning and instructionThis
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "romantic" in the given sentence is:3) not sensible about
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition of "rebellion" in this context is:1) refusal to accept some authority or code or convention
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "disciplined" in this context is:2) trained mentally or physically by
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "instruction" in the given sentence is:2) the activities of educating or instructing
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition of "authoritarian" is:2) expecting unquestioning obedienceThe context of the sentence suggests that
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition of "repression" in the given context is:2) (psychiatry) the classical defense
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable definition of "frustration" in the given context is:1) the feeling that accompanies an experience of
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "latent" in this context is:1) potentially existing but not presently evident or realized.
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "talents" is:1) natural abilities or qualitiesIn the
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The correct answer is:2) used in negative statement to describe a situation that has existed up to this point or up to
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition of "potentialities" from the given options is:2) an aptitude that may be developed
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable definition is:1) existing as an essential constituent or characteristicThe word "inherent" in the given
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "souls" in the given sentence is:2) a human being
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "children" in this context is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:1) come upon, as if by accident;
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "romantic" in the given sentence is:2) expressive of or exciting
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "so" in the given sentence is:3) in such a condition or
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "attractive" in the given sentence is:2) having power to arouse interest
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire for
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "children" among the given options is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "get" in the given sentence is:21) acquire as a result of some
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decent" in the given context is:1) socially or conventionally correct; refined
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:2) knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "demands" in the given sentence is:2) require as useful, just, or
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "commitment" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:2) the act of
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "survive" in the given sentence is:2) continue in existence after (an
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "adolescent" is:4) in the state of development between
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "illiteracy" in the given sentence is:2) an inability
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to the United States of
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to come.
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "determined" in the given sentence is:3) shape or influence; give direction
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "degree" in the given sentence is:2) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "allow" in the given sentence is:5) make a possibility or provide opportunity for
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevail" in the given sentence is:4) prove superiorIn the sentence,
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illusions" in the given sentence is:2) something many people believe that is false
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition of "share" in the given sentence is:1) have in commonThis definition fits the context
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or committees
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "fight" in the given sentence is:4) exert oneself continuously, vigorously
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "reasons" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive for a belief or action
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts;
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable definition of "reason" in this context is:1) a rational motive for a belief or actionThis
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "progressive" in the given sentence is:1) favoring or promoting progress
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" is:1) the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "once" in the given sentence is:3) at a previous timeIn this sentence,
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "called" in the given sentence is:28) rouse somebody from sleep with a call
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The correct answer is:1) to a considerable degree; very much.The word "far" in the sentence is used
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The correct answer is:2) comparative of much; to a greater degree or extentIn this sentence, "more"
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "agreeable" in this context is:1) conforming to your own liking or feelings
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "disciplined" in the given sentence is:2) trained mentally
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "instruction" in the given sentence is:2) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nice" in the given sentence is:1) pleasant or pleasing or
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the sentence is:3) use or exercise the mind
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition of "personality" in this context is:1) the complex of all the attributes--behavioral
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:2) a process in which something passes by degrees
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "even" in the given sentence is:3) to a greater degree or extent; used
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nicer" in the given sentence is:5) exhibiting courtesy and
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "minimize" in the given sentence is:3) cause to seem less serious
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tests" in the given sentence is:3) a set of questions
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instances.The sentence implies
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:3) something that results
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provides" in the given sentence is:5) make a possibility or provide opportunity for
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" is:1) a person whose occupation is teachingThis definition
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "profession" in the given sentence is:2) an occupation requiring special
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in this context is:14) pass through a test or a selection process.
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "courses" in this context is:1) education imparted in a series of
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable definition of "philosophy" in the given sentence is:2) the rational investigation of questions about existence
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the given sentence is:10) pick out, select, or choose from
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "college" in the given sentence is:2) an institution of higher education created to educate
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thinking" in the sentence is:2) expect, believe, or supposeThis definition
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	The correct answer is:1) to a moderately sufficient extent or degree.The sentence "They could all fairly be described as
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given sentence is:2) to give an account or representation of
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pap" in this context is:1) worthless or oversimplified ideasIn this
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in a series of lessons
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "distinct" in the given sentence is:3) constituting a separate entity or
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seriously" in the given sentence is:2) to a severe or serious
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committed" in the given sentence is:1) bound or obligated, as under a pledge
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "teaching" in this context is:3) the activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable definition of "brightest" among the options is:6) splendidThis definition captures the idea of being
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "generation" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) all the people living
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in this context is:2) precisely soThis definition suggests that "very
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable definition is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (men or women or children) collectively
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jobs" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of work required to be
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "well" in the sentence "But they need not be to do their jobs
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "remember" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "truly" in the given sentence is:3) with sincerity; without pretense
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching.This definition
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "proceeded" in the given sentence is:3) follow a procedure or take a
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competent" in the given sentence is:1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable definition of "sense" in the given sentence is:2) the meaning of a word or expression; the
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "teacher" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the sentence is:3) consider or describe as
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	The most suitable definition is:2) a single person or thingIn the given sentence, "one" is used as
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "brilliant" in the given sentence is:2) having or marked
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The correct answer is:2) easy to believe on the basis of available evidenceIn the sentence, "probably" is
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "competent" in the given sentence is:1) properly or sufficiently qualified or capable
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "serves" in the given sentence is:8) promote, benefit
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable definition of "well" in the sentence "If he is competent and conscientious, he serves us well"
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching.This definition
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable definition of "important" in the given sentence is:3) of extreme importance; vital to the resolution of
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "factor" in the sentence "Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "educational" in this context is:1) relating to the process of educationThis
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) a crucial stage or turning
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "equity" from the given options is:3) conformity with rules or standardsThis
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable definition of "problem" from the given options is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe,
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable definition of "educate" among the given options is:2) create by training and teachingThis definition
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son or daughter) of
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "better" in the given sentence is:1) comparative of `well'; in
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "got" in the given sentence is:20) reach by calculationIn the
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable definition of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (or
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The correct answer is:2) comparative of much; to a greater degree or extentIn the sentence, "more"
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable definition of "teachers" in this context is:1) a person whose occupation is teachingThis definition accurately
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "unions" is:1) an organization of employees
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mind" in the given sentence is:1) be offended or bothered by;
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "spreading" in the given context is:5) cause to become widely knownThis
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "narrow" in the given sentence is:3) lacking tolerance or flexibility or breadth
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable definition of "purposes" in the given sentence is:3) the quality of being determined to do or
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in this context is:2) a person active in party politics.This
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "find" in the given sentence is:8) make a discovery, make a new finding
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable definition of "helps" in this context is:3) be of useThis definition best fits the
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "strike" in the given sentence is:17) occupy or take onThis definition fits the
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition of "friendly" in the given sentence is:2) inclined to help or support; not antagonistic
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "posture" in the given sentence is:2) characteristic way of bearing one
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) as the agent of or on
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or valueThis
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable definition of "shred" in the context of the sentence is:1) a tiny or scarcely detectable
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law) all the
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable definition for "other" in the sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "things" in the sentence is:9) any attribute or quality considered as
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable definition of "equal" in this context is:1) having the same quantity, value, or measure as
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "differentials" in this context is:2) a quality that differentiates between similar
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable definition of "result" in the given sentence is:3) come about or follow as a consequenceThis
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "differentials" in the given sentence is:2) a quality
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law)
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sure" in the given sentence is:1) having or feeling no doubt or
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wish" in the given sentence is:2) prefer or wish to do something
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable definition of "serious" in the given sentence is:1) concerned with work or important matters rather than play
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	The most suitable definition for "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to the United States of America
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:2) knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable definition of "exactly" is:1) indicating exactness or precisenessThis definition aligns with
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the given sentence is:2) indicating exactness or precisenessThis
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable definition of "important" in this context is:1) of great significance or valueThis definition fits best
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable definition of "scattered" in this context is:1) occurring or distributed over widely spaced and irregular intervals
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poorest" is:2) having little money or few possessionsThis definition accurately con
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "majority" in the given sentence is:2) (elections
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "efforts" in the given sentence is:4) a series of actions advancing
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reform" in the given sentence is:1) a change for
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "doomed" in the given sentence is:4) (usually followed by `to')
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "really" in the given sentence is:3) in fact (used as intensifiers or
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable definition of "need" in this context is:3) have or feel a need forThis definition implies
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assimilate" in this context is:2) become similar to one's environment
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "respect" in the given sentence is:2) the condition of being
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The correct answer is:2) unable to speak because of hereditary deafnessIn the given sentence, "mute"
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The correct answer is:2) to some (great or small) extentThe sentence uses "rather" to indicate that
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "concerned" in this context is:1) feeling or showing worry or solicitude
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inclined" in this context is:1) (often followed by `to') having
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "echo" in the given sentence is:3) call to mindThis definition best captures
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "conventional" in the given sentence is:6) in accord with or
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable definition is:1) worthless or oversimplified ideasIn this context, "pap" is used as
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable definition for "thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in this context is:2) of the immediate past or just previous to the
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The correct answer is:1) the head of a state governmentIn this sentence, "governors" refers to
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "announced" in the given sentence is:2) announce publicly or
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable definition of "needs" in this context is:3) have or feel a need forThis definition implies
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is:2) a line of argument rationalizing the course of action
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the sentence is:1) act of improving by expanding or
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:2) a line of argument
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) the head of a state governmentIn this context, "governors" refers
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seem" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to a
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "need" in the given sentence is:2) anything that is necessary
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "extending" in the given sentence is:1) extend in scope or
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	The most suitable definition of "educational" in this context is:1) relating to the process of educationThis definition
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "system" in the given sentence is:2) a group of independent but inter
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "desirable" in the given sentence is:1) worth having or seeking
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects or services intended
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "very" among the given options is:2) precisely soThe sentence suggests that the
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable definition of "early" in the given sentence is:1) at or near the beginning of a period of
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable definition of "exposure" in the given sentence is:2) the act of subjecting someone to an
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "schooling" in this context is:2) the process of being formally educated at a school
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	The most suitable definition of "improves" in this context is:1) to make betterThis definition implies that
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable definition of "performance" in this context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something successfully;
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "first" in the given sentence is:2) indicating the beginning unit
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "grade" in the given sentence is:6) a number or letter indicating quality (especially
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:2) a variation that deviates from the standard
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quickly" in the given sentence is:2) with little or no delayThis
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "washed away" in the given sentence is:2) remove by the
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	The most suitable definition is:1) give a summary (of)"Sum up" is a common idiomatic expression that
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" among the given options is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" among the given options is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable definition for "reforms" in the context of education is:1) a change for the better as a
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable definition for "work" in the context of the sentence "education reforms that do work and do not work"
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" among the given options is:1) exert oneself by doing
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "parental" is:2) relating to or characteristic of or befit
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "involvement" in the context of parental involvement in education is:
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bad" among the given options is:7) below average in quality
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the context of the sentence is:3) a personal viewThis definition
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in this context is:1) to a degree exceeding normal or proper limits
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:2) likely but not certain
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "blame" in the given sentence is:3) attribute responsibility to
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "limitations" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:3) emotionally involvedThis definition accurately captures the
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" among the given options is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable definition of "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection and securityThis definition
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:9) find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kids" in this context is:4) a human offspring (son or daughter) of
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "play" in the given context is:5) be at play; be engaged in playful
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	The most suitable definition for "spend" in this context is:1) pass time in a specific wayThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrutinize" in the given context is:1) to look at critically or search
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one who begets
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable definition of "option" in the given sentence is:2) one of a number of things from which only
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "switching" in the given sentence is:4) make a shift in or
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Community" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "involvement" in the sentence is:1) the act of sharing in the
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "even" in the given sentence is:3) to a greater degree
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worse" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `bad
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "idea" in the sentence is:1) the content of cognition;
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "here" in the sentence "Here, the experience of New York City is decisive"
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "locally" in the given sentence is:1) by a particular localityThis definition
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cities" in the given sentence is:1) a large and densely
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "become" in the given sentence is:1) enter or assume a certain state
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ambitious" in the given sentence is:1) having a strong
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable definition for "generally" in the given sentence is:2) without distinction of one from others.In
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "corrupt" in the given sentence is:2) not straight;
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable definition of "politicians" from the given options is:3) a schemer who tries to gain advantage
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "politicians" is:3) a schemer who
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable definition of "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of action intended to achieve a
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable definition of "trying" in this context is:1) make an effort or attemptThis definition best fits
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "system" in the given sentence is:2) a group of independent but
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "school" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institutionThis definition accurately
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governance" in this context is:2) the act of governing; exercising authority
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "even" in the given sentence is:2) in spite of; notwithstanding
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:3) belonging to the distant pastThis definition implies that
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable definition of "cities" in the given sentence is:1) a large and densely populated urban area; may
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable definition of "institute" in the given sentence is:1) set up or lay the groundwork for
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for the word "most" is:1) (superlative
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "expenditures" in the given sentence is:1) money paid out;
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) the set
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable definition for "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable definition for "things" in the given sentence is:9) any attribute or quality considered as having its own
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "worse" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "better" in the given sentence is:3) (comparative and super
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:1) a rational motive for a
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:2) easy and not involved or complicated.The
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "influence" in the given sentence is:4) the effect of one thing (or
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium of
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The correct answer is:1) a period of 10 yearsThe word "decades" refers to a period of
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in this context is:1) relating to the process of educationThis
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tell" in the given sentence is:6) inform positively and with certainty and confidence
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "even" in the given sentence is:3) to a greater degree or extent;
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "classes" in this context is:2) a body of students who are taught together.
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effect" that identifies the meaning used in the sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable definition of "academic" in this context is:2) hypothetical or theoretical and not expected to produce an immediate
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "performance" in the given sentence is:3) the act of performing; of doing
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable definition of "pupils" in the given sentence is:3) a young person attending school (up
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable definition of "desirable" in this context is:1) worth having or seeking or achievingThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:4) very unusual; different in character
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is:5) a justification for something existing or happening
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium of
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable definition for "flows" in the given sentence is:1) move or progress freely as if in a stream
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "piling" in the given sentence is:2) press tightly together or cram
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	The most suitable definition for "more" in this context is:1) (comparative of `much' used with
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	The most suitable definition of "more" in this context is:1) (comparative of `much' used with
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable definition of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is teaching.The context
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mystery" in this context is:1) something that baffles understanding and cannot be
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable definition for "expenditures" in this context is:1) money paid out; an amount spent
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "real" in the sentence is:6) of, relating to, or representing
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable definition for "increased" in this context is:1) become bigger or greater in amountThis definition
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable definition for "sharply" in the given context is:4) very suddenly and to a great degree
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for "past" is:1) earlier than the present time; no longer currentThis definition accurately
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present momentThis definition
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "spend" in this context is:2) pay outIn this sentence, "
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in this context is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable definition of "pupil" in the given sentence is:3) a young person attending school (up through
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in this context is:1) a politically organized body of people under a single
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable definition of "performance" among the given options is:3) the act of performing; of doing something successfully
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "declined" in this context is:5) go downThis definition
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	Based on the context of the sentence "That is the way the system works," the most suitable definition for "way" is
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable definition for "Students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable definition of "academic" in this context is:1) associated with academia or an academyThis definition captures
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The correct answer is:1) the inherent capacity for coming into beingThis definition of "potential" refers to the natural
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "allows" in the context of the sentence is:5) make a possibility or provide opportunity
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable definition of "student" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permitted" in the given sentence is:3) allow the presence of or allow (
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "graduated" in the given sentence is:1) receive an academic degree upon completion of
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mastered" in the given sentence is:1) be or become completely proficient
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable definition of "level" in the given sentence is:2) a relative position or degree of value in a
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable definition of "prevailed" in the given sentence is:4) prove superiorIn this context, "
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The correct answer is: 1) a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.The sentence implies
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for "means" in this context is:4) have in mind as a purposeThis definition fits
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important elementThis definition accurately captures
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is intended or that
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "permit" in the given sentence is:2) make it possible through a
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "flourish" from the given options is:1) grow vigorouslyThe context of
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clearly" in the given sentence is:3) clear to the mind; with distinct
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "desirable" in the given sentence is:1) worth having or seeking or achieving
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of littleThe sentence states that
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" among the given options is:1) come into the possession of something concrete or
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "necessary" that fits the context is:2) unavoidably determined by prior circumstancesThis
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in this context is:2) applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "entering" in the given sentence is:4) be or play a part
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:8) all of the living human
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:3) the occupation for which you are paidThis
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "notion" in the sentence is:1) a vague idea in
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "purpose" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is intended
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educating or instruct
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable definition for "encourage" in the given sentence is:2) inspire with confidence; give hope or courage
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "young" in the given sentence is:1) (used of living things especially
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "men" in the given sentence is:3) someone who serves in
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:4) women as a class
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cognizant
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable definition for "full" in the given sentence is:3) complete in extent or degree and in every particular
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "academic" in the given sentence is:1) associated with academia or an academy
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The correct answer is:1) the inherent capacity for coming into beingThe sentence is describing the idea that education aims to
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual factThis definition accurately captures
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "believes" in the given sentence is:3) be confident about
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "equal" in this context is:2) having the requisite qualities or resources to meet a
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:1) associated with academia or
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "potential" in this context is:1) the inherent capacity for coming into beingThis
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable definition for "generally" in the given sentence is:1) usually; as a ruleIn this
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable definition of "desirable" in the given sentence is:1) worth having or seeking or achievingThis
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:4) seek or achieve an end by using to one
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great or small
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "newer" in the given sentence is:9) used of a
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	The correct definition of "ones" in this context is:2) a single person or thing.In this sentence, "
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" among the given options is:1) many times at short intervalsThis definition
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dubious" in this context is:1) fraught with uncertainty or doubtThis definition
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "psychological" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The correct answer is:2) to some (great or small) extentThe sentence states that the theories are based "
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:2) the content of direct
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable definition of "reasons" in this context is:2) an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States of America or
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "so" in the sentence is:1) to a very great extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:2) be comparable
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable definition of "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "influence" in the given sentence is:4) the effect of one
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable definition is:1) of or relating to the United States of America or its people or language or culture.
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wants" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appreciate" in this context is:1) recognize with gratitude; be
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	The most suitable definition for "just" in this context is:2) indicating exactness or precisenessIn this sentence
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable definition of "situation" from the given options is:3) a complex or critical or unusual difficulty
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "add" in the given context is:4) make an addition by
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "subtract" in the given sentence is:2) take off or away
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "learning" in the given sentence is:1) gain knowledge or skills
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "basis" in this context is:2) the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "read" that identifies the meaning of "read" in the given sentence is:3)
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "article" in this context is:1) nonfictional prose forming an independent part of
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition of "recent" in this context is:2) of the immediate past or just previous to the
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable definition of "major" in this context is:3) a university student who is studying a particular field as
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable definition of "most" in the given sentence is:3) (of actions or states) slightly short of
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or valueThis definition
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" is:1) an educational institutionThis definition encompasses the context of the given
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principals" in the given sentence is:2) the educator who has executive authority
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "large" in the given sentence is:6) having broad power and range
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:2) how much there is or how many there
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable definition of "authority" in this context is:1) the power or right to give orders or make decisions
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "faculty" in the given sentence is:2) the body of teachers
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable definition of "matters" in the given sentence is:4) a problemIn this context, "
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	The most suitable definition of "student" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and understanding
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "most" in the given sentence is:2) veryThe sentence is saying that
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tells" in this context is:3) narrate or give a detailed account of
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, I would choose definition 1) (superlative of `good') having the
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outside" in the given sentence is:5) functioning outside the boundaries or precincts of
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "interference" in the context of the sentence is:2) the act of hindering
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "govern" in this context is:3) exercise authority over; as of nations
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "powerful" in the given sentence is:3) having great influence
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence is:14) an individual personThis definition best fits the
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable definition for "authority" in the given sentence is:1) the power or right to give orders or make
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for "goes" in the given sentence is:1) be present or associated with an event or
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "unambiguous" in the given sentence is:2) admitting of no
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable definition for "way" in the sentence is:5) a course of conductThis definition best captures the
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable definition for "produce" in the given sentence is:1) bring forth or yieldThis definition fits the
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is enrolled in an
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "higher" in the given sentence is:3) standing above others in
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "morale" in this context is:2) the spirit of a group that makes the
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable definition of "superior" in the given sentence is:1) of high or superior quality or performance
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "academic" in the given sentence is:1) associated with academia or an academy
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable definition of "performance" in the context of the sentence is:3) the act of performing; of doing
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "ruffled" in this context is:2) trouble or vexThis definition fits the sentence
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in this context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified information about something
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	The correct answer is:2) a single person or thingThe sentence uses "one" in the context of referring to
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable definition of "so" in the given sentence is:9) (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "publishes" in the given sentence is:2) prepare and issue
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:3) someone who serves in
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bleary" in the given sentence is:2) indistinct
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sightThis definition is
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is:10) be confronted withThe sentence states that the
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "ready" in the given sentence is:3) mentally disposedIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:1) a statement (either spoken or written)
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "surprise" in the given sentence is:1) the astonishment you
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fit" in the given sentence is:2) a sudden uncontrollable attackThis definition
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the sentence "Was the man drunk or crazy or both?" is:3
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drunk" in the given sentence is:1) stupef
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crazy" among the given options is:1) affected with madness
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "matched" in the given sentence is:10) make equal, uniform, corresponding, or matching
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drink" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to excess
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lost" in the given sentence is:9) retreatIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "count" in the given sentence is:2) the act of counting; reciting numbers in
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence is:3) the generic use of the
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in this context is:3) attention to what is seenThis definition is the
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "thought" in the given sentence is:9) ponder; reflect on, or
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The correct answer is:3) attention to what is seenIn this context, "eyes" is used metaphorically to
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in the context of the sentence is:8) clear and sharp and ringing.
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "strange" in the given sentence is:1) being definitely out of the ordinary and unexpected
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or degree
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cold" in the given sentence is:9) without compunction or
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is:6) feelings of great warmth and intensityThis
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the given sentence is:2) shine intensely, as if with heat
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "noticed" in the sentence "Why hadn't he noticed it before?"
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drunk" in the given sentence is:2) as if under
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition of "wondered" in the given sentence is:3) be amazed atIn the sentence
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger" is
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable definition of "stranger" in the given context is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "remembered" in the sentence "But, of course, he remembered now"
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The correct answer is 1) a period of time equal to 1/24th of a day.In the sentence
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition of "steady" in the given sentence is:4) marked by firm determination or resolution; not sh
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "drinking" in the context of the sentence is:2) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occasion" in the given sentence is:2) a vaguely specified social eventIn this
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition of "stranger" in the given context is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the given sentence is:1) the upper part of the human body or
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thought" in the given sentence is:2) the process of using
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "started" in the sentence is:8) get going or set in
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "cross" in the given sentence is:1) travel across or pass overThis definition accurately
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "street" in the given sentence is:2) the part of a thoroughfare between
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "light" in the given sentence is:2) any device serving as a source
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "roared" in this context is:1) make a loud noise, as of wind
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intersection" in the given sentence is:2) a junction where one
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Brakes" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint used
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "howled" in the given sentence is:1) emit long loud criesThe sentence
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "horn" in the sentence is:11) a device on an automobile for making
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition of "blared" in the context of the sentence is:1) make a strident sound
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition of "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word to refer to
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hit" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "called out" in the sentence is:1) utter aloud; often with
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "second" in the given sentence is:4) a particular point in
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an actionThis
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cared" in the given sentence is:1) feel concern or
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a youth or
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "hit" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "regretted" in the given sentence is:1) feel remorse for; feel sorry
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opened" in the given sentence is:6) make availableIn this context, "
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "mouth" in the given sentence is:2) the externally visible part of the oral
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "truck" in this context is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for haulingThis definition
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stop" in the sentence is:5) a spot where something hal
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "angry" in this context is:1) feeling or showing angerThis
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in this context is:1) the operator of a motor vehicleThis definition
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jumped" in the given sentence is:8) jump down from an elevated point
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "cab" in the given sentence is:1) a compartment at the front of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "walked" in the given sentence is:4) traverse or cover by walking
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable definition of "arm" in the given sentence is:1) a human limb; technically the part of the
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shoulders" in the given sentence is:4) the part of
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "old" in the given sentence is:3) (used for emphasis)
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "friend" in the given sentence is:1) a person you know
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "started" in the sentence is:2) set in motion, cause
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "curse" in the given sentence is:1) utter obscenities
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "plot" in the given sentence is:1) a secret scheme to do something
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ruin" in the given sentence is:1) destroy completely;
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment; the best (or
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:3) someone who serves in
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saved" in the context of the sentence is:3) bring into safetyIn this
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "turned" in this context is:20) channel one's attention, interest, thought,
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention; direct one's gaze
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the given sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on a person's face
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition of "word" in the given sentence is:2) a brief statementThe sentence "Then the
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in this context is:1) the operator of a motor vehicleIn this
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt, stop moving
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swearing" in this context is:1) utter obscenities or profanities
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:1) change orientation or direction, also in the
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "heel" in the given sentence is:2) the back part of
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "truck" is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "given" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable definition for "thought" in the sentence is:2) the process of using your mind to consider something carefully
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recalled" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory; have a
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is:3) be amazed atThe sentence states
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:2) good discernment (
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "look" in the given sentence is:2) the act of directing the eyes
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bluff" in the given sentence is:2) pretense that
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "saying" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of language that native speakers can
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "light" in the given sentence is:4) the quality of being
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across the
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went on" in the given sentence is:3) move forward, also in the metaphor
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "street" in the given sentence is:2) the part of a
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "found out" in the given sentence is:2) get to know
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favorite" in the sentence is:2) preferred above all others and
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bars" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The correct answer is:2) beg persistently and urgently.In this context, "insisted" means that the stranger
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "offering" in the given sentence is:1) make available or
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "buy" in this context is:1) obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in this context is:3) any liquid suitable for drinkingThis definition
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the given sentence is:2) follow a procedure or take a course
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable definition of "kept to himself" in the given sentence is:1) shun the company of others
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the context of the sentence is:2) be around, often id
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "corner" in the given sentence is:9) a projecting part where two sides
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable definition of "passing" in the given sentence is:10) pass time in a specific wayThis
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "nursing" in this context is:2) maintain (a theory, thoughts,
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable definition of "favorite" in the given sentence is:2) preferred above all others and treated with partiality
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mind" in the given sentence is:6) keep in mind
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "company" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "free" in the sentence is:3) costing nothingThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in this context is:3) any liquid suitable for drinkingIn this
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the given sentence is:10) earn on some commercial or business transaction;
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "good" in the given sentence is:11) financially soundThis definition means
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition of "job" in the given sentence is:1) the principal activity in your life that you do
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wondered" in the given sentence is:2) place in doubt or express doubtful
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "having" in the sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete or
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "screwball" in the given sentence is:1) a whims
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "take" in the sentence "He really didn't take the offer seriously, but
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "offer" in the given sentence is:2) something offered (as a proposal
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or be in a
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "uneasy" in the context of the sentence is:3) causing or fraught
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence is:3) cause to move; cause to be in a
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition for "gave" among the provided options is:3) transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "answer" in the given sentence is:1) a statement (either spoken or written
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seem" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain impression or have a
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The correct answer is:3) briefly shut the eyesThe sentence states that "he didn't even seem to wink",
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:1) continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stare" in the given context is:1) look at with fixed eyes
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weak" in the context of the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "laugh" in the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh"
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "think" in the given sentence is:6) choose in one's mindIn the
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The correct definition is:1) an acknowledgment of appreciationIn the given sentence "Thanks anyhow", "thanks" is used
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "faint" in the given sentence is:1) deficient in magnitude
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The correct definition of "crease" that best fits the context of the sentence is:2) a slight depression in the smooth
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appeared" in the sentence is:2) come into sight or view
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:3) someone who serves in
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "taking" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "meant" in the sentence "I meant it" is:4) have
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" is:1
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hit" in the sentence "I might have got hit by that truck
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for haulingThe
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "returning" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favors" in the given sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:2)
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "do" in the sentence "I 'll do anything for somebody I like" is:2
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like" is:1
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable definition of "cost" in the given sentence is:2) require to lose, suffer, or sacrifice
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable definition for "try" is:1) make an effort or attemptThis definition best captures the general meaning
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rubbed" in the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead wearily" is:3)
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "forehead" in the sentence is:1) the part of the
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "feel" in the given sentence is:4) be conscious of a
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "woolly" in the context of the sentence "He was beginning to feel wool
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" among the provided options is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exit" in the given sentence is:1) an opening that permits
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the given sentence is:3) look forward to the probable occurrence of
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive,
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "people" in the sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition of "conceded" in the given sentence is:4) acknowledge defeatIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "if you must know, I don't get along with
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keeps" in the given sentence is:21) hold and prevent from leavingThis
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "riding" in the given sentence is:10) sit on and control a vehicleIn
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the sentence is:2) find enjoyable or agreeableIn the sentence
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable definition of "listen" in the given sentence is:2) listen and pay attentionThis definition captures the
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "radio" in the given sentence is:3) a communication system based
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "sing" in the given sentence is:2) produce tones with the voiceIn
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bath" in the given sentence is:3) a relatively large open container
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce,
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "neighbors" in the given sentence is:1) a person who lives (or
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "complain" in the given sentence is:1) express complaints, discontent,
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "believe" in the given sentence is:3) be confident about somethingIn
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable definition of "tell" that fits the context of the sentence "Why don't they tell me themselves if it
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothers" in the given context is:2) cause annoyance in; disturb, especially
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded"
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	Based on the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded", the most suitable dictionary definition for "closed" is:1
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "nodded" in the given sentence is:1) express or signify by nod
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for "looked" in the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed almost contented"
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seemed" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain impression or have a
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Fine" in the given sentence is:1) an expression of agreement
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	Based on the sentence "Give me your address", the most suitable definition of "Give" is:3) transfer possession of
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "address" in the given sentence is:2) the place where a
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is:10) pick
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire for;
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail and subject to an
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "habits" in the given sentence is:2) (psychology) an automatic pattern
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "movements" in the given sentence is:11) the act of
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "see" in the sentence "You see, I always make it look
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" among the given options is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suicide" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "looks" in the given sentence is:2) give a certain impression
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficultyThis definition
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flew" in the sentence "Haney's eyebrows flew up" is:1)
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition of "said" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "minutes" among the options is:1) a unit of time equal to 60 seconds
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "make" in the sentence is:3) make or cause to be
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stood up" in the sentence is:4) be standing; be
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "nodded" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) express or signify
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "farewell" in the given sentence is:1) an acknowledgment or expression
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watched" in the given sentence is:2) follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "small" in the given sentence is:9) not large but sufficient in size
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wiry" in the context of the sentence is:1) lean
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word to refer to
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "slip" in the given sentence is:2) move inconsp
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "door" that identifies the meaning of "door" in the sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:4) be conscious of a physical, mental,
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watchThis definition
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in this context is:2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable definition of "notice" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveIn this context, "
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "departure" in the given sentence is:1) the act of departingThe sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make, or come
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stay" in the given sentence is:4) continue in a place, position, or
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the sentence "as time passed it seemed as if the strange
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seemed" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true,
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "strange" in this context is:1) being definitely out of the ordinary
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable definition for "little" in the sentence is:4) (informal) small and of little importance
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) someone who serves in the armed forces;
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The correct definition of "other" in the given sentence is:2) recently pastThis definition of "other" implies
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while drinking
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "table" is:2) a piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returned" in the given sentence is:1) go or come back to place, condition
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "putting" in the given sentence is:9) arrange thoughts, ideas, temporal events
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "whole" in the given sentence is:1) including all components without exception;
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable definition for "incident" in the given sentence is:1) a single distinct event.In this context,
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable definition of "mind" in the given sentence is:1) that which is responsible for one's thoughts and
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in timeThis
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hangover" in this context is:1) disagreeable aftereffects from the use of
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable definition of "reminded" in the given sentence is:1) put in the mind of someoneThis
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hangover" in the given sentence is:1) disagreeable after
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "reminded" in the given sentence is:1) put in the mind
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "went" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable definition of "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in timeThe sentence
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:1) go across or throughThis definition best
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable definition of "alive" in this context is:3) having life or vigor or spiritIn this sentence
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "tenants" in the given sentence is:3) any occupant who dwells
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable definition of "burden" in the given context is:1) an onerous or difficult concern
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "life" from the given options that identifies the meaning of "life" in the context of
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable definition of "ignored" in the given sentence is:4) give little or no attention toThis definition
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "alive" in the context of the sentence is:3) having life or vigor or spirit
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "mailed" in the given sentence is:1) send via the postal service
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "check" is:1) a written order directing a
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "maintenance" in the given sentence is:3) court-ordered support paid by
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "wished" in the given sentence is:4) feel or express a desire
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "stranger" is:2) an individual that one
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "do" in the given sentence is:1) engage inIn
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "coming" in the sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive by movement
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the sentence is:3) the occupation for which you are
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watchThis definition best fits
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "lobby" in the given sentence is:2) the people who support some common cause
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable definition of "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "standing" in the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable definition for "talking" in the given sentence is:2) express in speechIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spine" in the given sentence is:5) a sharp rigid
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable definition of "crawled" in this context is:3) be full ofIn this sentence,
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "premonition" in the given sentence is:2) an early
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to and expect an
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable definition for "fellow" in the given sentence is:2) a friend who is frequently in the company
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable definition for "tenants" in this context is:3) any occupant who dwells in a place
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable definition for "happened" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur, or be the
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "died" in the given sentence is:10) disappear or come to an end
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable definition for "afternoon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the day between noon and
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seemed" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable definition of "fallen" in the given sentence is:23) lose an upright position suddenlyThis definition
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "roof" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable definition of "obscure" in the given sentence is:3) difficult to findThis definition best
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "witnessed" in the given sentence is:2) perceive or
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fall" in the given sentence is:11) a free and rapid
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence;
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in this context is:1) the entire structure of an organism (an animal
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smashed" in the given context is:10) break suddenly into pieces,
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable definition is:3) walk consisting of a paved area for pedestrians; usually beside a street or roadwayThis
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for "basement" in the given sentence is:1) the lowermost portion of a structure partly
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable definition of "delivery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of delivering or distributing something (as
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entrance" in this context is:1) something that provides access (to get in
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "felt" in the sentence is:4) be conscious of a physical, mental
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "blood" in the given sentence is:1) the fluid (red
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drain" in the given sentence is:3) empty of liquid
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The correct definition is:1) either side of the face below the eyes.In this context, "cheeks" refers
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muttered" in the given sentence is:2) make complaining remarks or noises under
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "terrible" in the given sentence is:2) exceptionally bad or displeasingThis
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable definition of "walked" in the given sentence is:4) traverse or cover by walking.This definition
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deliberate" in the given sentence is:2) unhur
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "slowness" in the context of the sentence is:2) a rate demonstrating an
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elevator" in the given sentence is:1) lifting device consisting
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poured" in the given sentence is:3) pour outIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drink" in the given sentence is:3) any liquid suitable for
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable definition of "hands" in the given sentence is:1) the (prehensile) extremity of
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flopped" in the given context is:3) fail utterly; collapseIn this
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable definition of "chair" in the given sentence is:1) a seat for one person, with a support
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "feel" in the given sentence is:1) undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "bothered" in the given context is:3) to cause inconvenience or discomfort to
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ask" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "questions" in the given sentence is:3) a sentence of inquiry that
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "coincidence" in the given sentence is:3) the temporal property of
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stranger" in this context is:2) an individual that one is not
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "happy" in the given sentence is:1) enjoying or showing or
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lousy" in this context is:1) very badThe sentence implies that the
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "had" in the given sentence is:12) suffer from; be
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "family" in the given sentence is:2) primary social group;
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suffered" in the given sentence is:1) undergo or
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "said" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce,
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "kills" in the given sentence is:1) cause to die;
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence is:3) the generic use of the
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The correct answer is:2) an advantage to the benefit of someone or somethingIn the context of the sentence, "
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:1) judge or regard; look upon; judge
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable definition of "mean" in the given sentence is:1) mean or intend to express or conveyThis
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "stranger" is:2) an individual that one is not
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:2) good discernment (either visually or as
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the context of the sentence "The stranger's eyes were large and sad,
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable definition of "sad" in the given sentence is:1) experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness;
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hurt" in the given sentence is:5) hurt the feelings
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of mental
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dream" in the given sentence is:1) a series of mental
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "beginning" in the sentence is:2) have a beginning, in
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable definition of "overtones" in the given sentence is:1) (usually plural) an ulterior implicit
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nightmare" in this context is:2) a terrifying or deeply upsetting dream.The
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "knew" in the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not a
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable definition of "dream" in this context is:1) a series of mental images and emotions occurring during sleep
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tight" in the sentence is:1) closely constrained or constricted
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the sentence "He might be very tight, but he knew where he
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable definition of "same" in this context is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or quantity
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bar" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment where alcoholic
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "night" in this context is:7) the time between sunset and midnightThis definition
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable definition of "had" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete or
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable definition of "excuse" in this context is:1) a defense of some offensive behavior or some failure
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable definition of "drink" in the given sentence is:5) drink excessive amounts of alcohol; be an alcoholic
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "usual" is:1) occurring or encountered or experienced
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in this context is:2) be around, often idly or without
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable definition of "usual" in this context is:1) occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently or in
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "corner" is:9) a projecting part where two
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the given sentence is:2) (quantifier used with mass nouns)
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having a smooth
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable definition of "talkative" in this context is:2) unwisely talking too muchIn this
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable definition for "friendly" in the given sentence is:2) inclined to help or support; not antagonistic
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "enjoying" in the given sentence is:1) derive or
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:1) any customary observance or practice
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "washing down" in the given sentence is:1) eat food accompanied
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pet" in the given sentence is:1) a domesticated animal kept for
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable definition of "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) a complaint about a (real
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable definition of "bourbon" in the given sentence is:2) whiskey distilled from a mash of corn and
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "water" in the given sentence is:6) a liquid necessary for the
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favorite" in the given sentence is:2) preferred above all others
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) a complaint about a (
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "forgotten" in the context of the sentence is:2) be unable to remember
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mentioned" in the given sentence is:1) make reference toThe phrase "on
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "real" in the context of the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) a complaint about a (
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "end" in the sentence is:2) the point in time at
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable definition of "making" in this context is:3) make or cause to be or to becomeThis
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wet" in this context is:1) covered or soaked with a liquid
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rings" in the given sentence is:3) a rigid circular band of metal or
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bottom" in the given sentence is:1) the lower side of
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in this context is:2) undergo a change or developmentThis definition
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable definition for "aware" in the given sentence is:1) (sometimes followed by `of') having or
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention; direct one
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:2) good discernment (either visually or as
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in this context is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:3) take a seatThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in this context is:3) a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "smiling" in the context of the sentence is:1) change one's facial expression
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "secret" in the given context is:1) not open or public; kept private or
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "name" in the given sentence is:1) a language unit by
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seen" in the given sentence is:6) get to know or
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sit down" in this context is:1) take a seatThis definition matches the
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "man" in the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a shadow
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncanny" in the given sentence is:2) surpassing the ordinary or normal;
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable definition for "shadow" in the given sentence is:3) something existing in perception onlyIn this context
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" among the given options is:3) make or cause to be or to become
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "noise" is:1) sound of any kind (especially
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in this context would be:7) a dominating and pervasive presenceThis definition
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable definition of "shrinking" in the context of the sentence is:3) reduce in size; reduce physically
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable definition of "trapped" in the context of the sentence is:4) to hold fast or prevent from
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "corner" in the given sentence is:9) a projecting part where two sides or
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in this context is:1) lean and sinewyIn this
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "little" in the given sentence is:6) low in stature; not tall
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable definition of "began" in the given sentence is:2) have a beginning, in a temporal,
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wish" in the given sentence is:4) feel or express a
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shouted" in the given sentence is:1) utter in a loud voice
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:3) belonging to the distant pastIn
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable definition of "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the day (the
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable definition of "truck" in this context is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for haulingThis definition is
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable definition of "bore down" in the context of the sentence is:4) exert full strengthIn
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable definition of "crossing" in the given sentence is:5) a path (often marked) where something
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "saddled" in the given sentence is:2) load or
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "creep" in the given sentence is:1) someone unpleasantly
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the given sentence is:8) get going or set in motionThis
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the context of the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "places" in the given sentence is:9) the particular portion of space occupied by something
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "low" in the given sentence is:5) used of sounds and
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "voice" in the given sentence is:1) the distinctive quality or
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to and expect an answer
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "happy" in the given sentence is:1) enjoying or showing or marked by joy
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:5) a course of conduct
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way,
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mistake" in the given sentence is:1) a wrong action attributable to bad judgment
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answering" in this context is:3) give the correct answer or solution to
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:5) a course of conductThis definition fits the
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skepticism" in the given sentence is:1) doubt about the truth of
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "showed" in the given sentence is:4) make visible or
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "face" in the given sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on a person
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "voice" in the given sentence is:2) the sound made by
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "became" in the sentence is:2) undergo a change or
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sad" in the given sentence is:1) experiencing or showing sorrow or unhappiness;
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moody" in the given sentence is:2) subject to sharply varying moods.
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire for; want
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in this context is:2) inspire with confidence; give hope or courage
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "company" in the given sentence is:7) a band of people associated temporarily
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:5) have a feeling or perception about oneself in reaction
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "buy" in the given sentence is:1) obtain by purchase; acquire by
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drink" in the given sentence is:3) any liquid suitable for
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:2) stop (someone or something
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	The most suitable definition of "possible" in the given sentence is:1) capable of happening or existing.In the sentence
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "trouble" is:1) a source of difficulty
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trouble" in the sentence "But there was no trouble" is
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	The most suitable definition for "drink" in the context of the sentence is:3) any liquid suitable for drinkingIn
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "upset" in the given sentence is:2) cause to lose one's com
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "appreciation" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:3) an expression
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "break" in the given sentence is:9) force out or release
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "uncomfortable" in the given sentence is:1) conducive to or feeling mental discomfort
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable definition of "silence" in the context of the sentence is:1) the state of being silent (
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "began" in the given sentence is:4) begin to speak or say
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable definition of "talk" in this context is:1) exchange thoughts; talk withThis definition best fits
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable definition of "drinks" in this context is:2) the act of drinking alcoholic beverages to excess
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable definition of "complaining" in this context is:1) express complaints, discontent, displeasure,
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable definition of "subject" in this context is:1) the subject matter of a conversation or discussionThis
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The correct answer is:1) a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable definition of "noticed" in this context is:2) notice or perceiveIn this sentence, the speaker
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "interest" in this context is:1) a sense of concern with and curiosity
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "showed" in the given sentence is:4) make visible or
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable definition for "alert" in this context is:3) mentally perceptive and responsiveThe passage describes the
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "face" in the given sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in this context is:8) clear and sharp and ringingThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The correct definition is:3) attention to what is seenIn the context of the sentence, the phrase "the suddenly
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "paused" in the given sentence is:1) interrupt temporarily an activity before continuing
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable definition of "moisten" in the given sentence is:2) moisten with fine dropsThis definition
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "throat" in the given sentence is:1) the passage to the stomach and lungs;
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "stranger" is:2) an individual that one
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "broke in" in the given sentence is:2) break into a
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable definition for "pay" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:1) give money,
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bills" in the given sentence is:2) an itemized statement of money owed
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable definition of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "men" in the sentence is:8) a male person who plays
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "divorce" in the given sentence is:2) get a divorce
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "bitch" is:2) a person (usually but not
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "love" is:1) have a great affection or
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable definition for "get" in the sentence "Then she'd get half of everything I have" is:21
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of a divisible whole
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:4) have ownership or possession ofThis definition
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deal" in the sentence "Community property deal -- you know" is
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "business" in the given sentence is:2) the activity of providing
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "share" in the given sentence is:2) any of the equal portions into
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the sentence "Pete nodded understandingly" is:2) lower
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "understand" in the given sentence is:1) know and comprehend the nature
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is:2) reach
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "retire" in the given sentence is:1) go into retirement; stop
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable definition of "do" in the given sentence is:3) get (something) doneThis definition captures
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "free" in the given sentence is:3) costing nothingThis definition fits the
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "job" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "told" in the context "You should have told me about her before" is:
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "felt" in the given sentence is:5) have a feeling or perception
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable definition of "twinge" in the given context is:1) a sudden sharp feelingThe sentence implies
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "annoyance" in the sentence is:1) the psychological state
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "heard" in the given sentence is:5) listen and pay attention
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable definition for "familiar" in the given sentence is:1) well known or easily recognizedIn this
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wild" in the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain"
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable definition of "thought" in the given sentence is:4) a personal belief or judgment that is not founded
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "clouded" in the context of the sentence is:3) mentally disorderedThis
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable definition of "brain" in the given sentence is:3) that which is responsible for one's thoughts and
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Suppose" in the given sentence is:1) express a supposition
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suppose" in the sentence is:3) to believe especially on
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for a
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "said" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce,
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "professional" in the given sentence is:1) engaged in a profession
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable definition of "killer" in the given sentence is:1) someone who causes the death of a person or
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "nut" in the given sentence is:5) a whimsically eccentric person
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "harm" in the given sentence is:2) the occurrence of
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "done" in the sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm was
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "do" in the given sentence is:3) get (something) done
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable definition of "felt" in the given sentence is:5) have a feeling or perception about oneself in reaction
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cunning" in the given sentence is:2) marked by skill in deception
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "proud" is:1) feeling self-respect
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "played" in the given sentence is:2) act or have an effect in a specified
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The correct definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied;
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence is:1) an adult person who is
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable definition of "soft spot" in the given sentence is:2) a sentimental affectionIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "offense" in the sentence "No offense intended, he said gently
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intended" in the given sentence is:3) mean or intend to express or convey
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" among the options is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "suspect" in the given sentence is:3) hold in suspicion; believe
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thing" in the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a thing,
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a thing, and I thought it
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "coincidence" from the given options is:3) the temporal property of two things
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "After all, I didn't know you, Pete" is
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is:6)
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "managed" in the given sentence is:7) handle effectivelyThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable definition of "hooked" in the given sentence is:9) to cause (someone or oneself) to
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:2) good discernment
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burned" in the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:4) cause
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "muttered" in the given sentence is:2) make complaining
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:2) give a certain impression or have a
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:5) a course of conductThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the given sentence is:4) have ownership or possession ofThis definition
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable definition for "alibi" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a defense by an accused
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Let" that identifies its meaning among the options is:3) consent to, give permission
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable definition of "prove" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil" is:2) establish the
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the sentence "I think I can manage one more favor
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favor" in the sentence is:2) an advantage to the benefit
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waited" in the sentence "He waited eagerly" is:1) stay
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "liquor" in the given sentence is:1) an alcoholic beverage
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "bottom" in the given sentence is:1) the lower side of anythingIn
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "glass" in the sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids while
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition of "rout" in this context is:2) an overwhelming defeatIn this sentence, "
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backed" in the given context is:3) give support or one's approval to
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given context is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable definition is:1) relating to a president or presidencyThis definition directly relates to the context of the sentence
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is running
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "reminder" in the given sentence is:2) an experience that causes you
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "federal" in the given sentence is:1) national; especially
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "political" in this context is:2) of or relating to your views about
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable definition of "past" among the given options is:1) earlier than the present time; no longer current
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "presidential" in the given sentence is:1) relating to a president or
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:1) a vote to select
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nation" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "choose" in this context is:2) select as an alternative over anotherThis definition
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:1) an organization to gain political
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition of "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "percentage" among the given options is:1) a proportion in relation to a whole (
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "equals" in the given sentence is:1) be identical or equivalent toIn the sentence
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the sentence "As we know, voters tend to favor
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tend" in the sentence is:1) have a tendency or disposition to
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "favor" in the given sentence is:1) promote over anotherThis definition implies that
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The correct answer is:1) a member of the Republican PartyThis definition directly refers to the meaning of "Republicans"
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "races" in the given sentence is:3) people who are
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in this context is:1) relating to a president or presidencyThis
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in this context is:1) a vote to select the winner of a position
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "past" in the given sentence is:1) earlier than the present time; no longer current
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "percentage" among the given options is:1) a proportion in relation to a whole (which
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in this context is:3) greater in number or size or amountThis
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable definition is:1) an organization to gain political powerThis definition best captures the meaning of "party"
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "popular" in this context is:1) regarded with great favor, approval, or affection
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vote" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seats" in the given sentence is:7) the legal right
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition of "popular" among the given options is:1) regarded with great favor, approval, or affection
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition of "vote" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by counting the number
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "opposite" in the given sentence is:4) something inverted in
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accounts for" in the given sentence is:1) be the reason or explanation for
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?"
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "recent" in the context of the sentence is:2) of the immediate past or
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "decades" among the given options is:1) a period of 10 yearsThis
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts;
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "partial" in the given sentence is:1) being or affecting only
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "displayed" in the given sentence is:1) to show, make visible or
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Americans" in the given sentence is:1) a native or inhabit
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "assumptions" in the given context is:7) the act of assuming
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "brands" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to a product or service.
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "political" in the given sentence is:3) of or relating to
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "agents" in the given sentence is:2) a representative who acts
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brand" in the given sentence is:1) a name given to
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minimalist" in the given context is:2) advocating minimal reforms
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "virtues" in the given sentence is:4) a particular moral
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:3) concerning one person exclusively
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable definition of "markets" in the given sentence is:1) the world of commercial activity where goods and services
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable definition of "vices" in this context is:1) moral weaknessThe sentence describes "vices
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:3) a military engagement
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:3) representing or appealing to
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable definition of "brand" in this context is:1) a name given to a product or serviceThis
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition of "intervention" in the given context is:3) the act or fact of interposing
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "remedy" in the given sentence is:2) provide relief for
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable definition for the word "excesses" in the given sentence is:2) immoderation as a
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendant" in this context is:2) following or accompanying as a consequenceIn
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable definition for the word "pursuit" in this context is:1) the act of pursuing in an
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:3) concerning one person exclusively
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the given sentence is:5) (law) a right or legal share
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:3) a member of
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "have" in the sentence is:1) have or possess, either
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "responsibilities" is:3) a form of trustworthiness;
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "voting" in the given sentence is:1) express one's
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dealing" among the options is:3) take action with respect to (someone or
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" among the given options is:1) something done (usually as opposed to something
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "casting" among the options is:5) assign the roles of (a movie or a
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "legislation" in the given sentence is:1) law enacted by a
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	The most suitable definition is:1) compel to behave in a certain wayThe word "imposes" means to force
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "costs" in the given context is:3) value measured by what must be given
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confers" in the given sentence is:1) have a conference
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "population" in the given sentence is:4) the number of inhabitants
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attending" in the given sentence is:1) get down to; pay
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "service" among the given options is:15) the performance of duties
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "representatives" in this context is:3) a member of the United States
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "belief" in the given sentence is:1) any cognitive content held
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition of "minimalist" in this context is:2) advocating minimal reforms (as in government or politics
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "willing" in the given sentence is:1) disposed or inclined
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "engage" in this context is:1) carry out or participate in an activity
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "Democratic" in the given sentence is:3) representing or appealing to or adapted for
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assumptions" is:1) a statement that is assumed to be true and from
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the context of the sentence is:1) keep in a certain state,
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "races" in the given context is:1) any competitionThis definition best fits the
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "face" in the given sentence is:3) be oriented in a certain direction,
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in this context is:14) receive willingly something given or offered.In this
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "incentive" from the given options is:1) a positive motivational influenceThis
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lean" in the given sentence is:3) have a tendency or
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable definition of "Democratic" in this context is:2) belong to or relating to the Democratic PartyThis
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "put" in this context is:2) cause to be in a certain state; cause
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable definition of "acquire" in this context is:5) win something through one's effortsIn this
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:2) stop (someone or something)
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in the given sentence is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bringing home the bacon" is:2) supply means of subsistence
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "comes" in the given sentence is:2) be relevant toIn the
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:2) a line of argument
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "races" in the context of the sentence is:1) any competitionThis definition is
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "incentive" in the given sentence is:1) a positive motivational influence
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lean" in the given sentence is:3) have a tendency or disposition to
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who holds the office of
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "limit" in the given sentence is:1) place limits on (extent
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "particular" in the given sentence is:2) separate and distinct from others of the
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given sentence is:2) likely but not certain to be or become
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "effective" in the given sentence is:2) able to accomplish a purpose
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "preventing" in the given sentence is:2) stop (someone or
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in this context is:4) very unusual; different in character or
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "local" in this context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "individual" in the given sentence is:4) concerning one person exclusivelyThis
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "standing" in the given sentence is:1) social or financial or professional
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enhanced" in the context of the sentence is:2) make better or more attractive
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:1) having few parts; not
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true, probable,
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "explain" in the given sentence is:3) serve as a reason or
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given sentence is:3) distinct and individualThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "things" in the given sentence is:12) a separate and self
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "increased" among the given options is:1) become bigger or greater in amount
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:10) pick out, select, or choose from
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) earlier than the present
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:1) a vote to select
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable definition of "advent" in the given sentence is:1) arrival that has been awaited (especially of
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "government" is:1) the organization that is the governing authority of a
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "occupied" in the given sentence is:3) occupy the whole of
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "society" is:1) an extended social group having a distinctive cultural and economic organization
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable definition of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confronting" in the given sentence is:2) deal with
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable definition for "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competitionThis definition aligns with
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given sentence is:3) serve as a reason or cause or
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hold" in the sentence is:4) have or possess, either
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "disdain" in this context is:1) lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "love" in the given sentence is:1) have a great affection or liking for
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:3) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable definition for "individual" in this context is:1) being or characteristic of a single thing or person
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "constituents" is:2) a member of a constituency; a
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appreciate" in this context is:1) recognize with gratitude; be
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "specific" in the given sentence is:1) (sometimes followed by `to
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable definition of "benefits" is:2) something that aids or promotes well-beingThis definition aligns
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "wins" in the given sentence is:2) win something through one's
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "overall" in the given sentence is:2) including everythingThis definition fits
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cost" in this context is:3) value measured by what must be given or done
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:4) very unusual; different in
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an actionThis
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggests" in the given sentence is:3) imply as a possibilityThis definition
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "policy" in this context is:2) a line of argument rationalizing the course of action
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in this context is:1) the act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition of "relative" in this context is:1) estimated by comparison; not absolute or completeIn
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic of a particular
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete or
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of governmentThis
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose a social
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition of "vulnerable" in the given sentence is:1) susceptible to attackIn this context,
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "become" in the given sentence is:2) undergo a change or development.In this
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "immune" in the given sentence is:4) (usually followed by `to
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exception" in the given sentence is:2) an instance that does
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "trend" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:3) a general tendency
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) an unsuccessful ending
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "freshman" in the given sentence is:2) any new participant
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brought" in the given sentence is:1) take something or somebody with oneself somewhere
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "revolution" in the given sentence is:1) a drastic and far
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "running" in the given sentence is:9) run, stand, or compete for an
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "freshmen" in this context is:1) a first-year undergraduateIn this sentence,
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placed" in the given sentence is:2) place somebody in a particular situation or location
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "emphasis" from the given options is:3) special and significant stress by means of position
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "spreading" in the given sentence is:5) cause to become widely knownThis
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "revolution" in this context is:1) a drastic and far-reaching change in ways of
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable definition of "policy" in the given sentence is:2) a line of argument rationalizing the course of
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "making" in this context is:1) the act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "indicates" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence of
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "attracting" in the given sentence is:2) be attractive toThe sentence states
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable definition of "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is running for public office.
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of governmentThis
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Potential" in the given sentence is:2) expected to become or be;
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for "discouraged" in the given sentence is:2) deprive of courage or hope;
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition of "running" in the given sentence is:9) run, stand, or compete for an office
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable definition of "prospect" in the given sentence is:2) belief about (or mental picture of)
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) an unsuccessful ending to a struggle or
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "opponent" in the given sentence is:1) a contestant that
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to which
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in this context is:2) expected to become or be; in prospect
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "works" in the given sentence is:13) behave in a certain way when
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hindered" in this context is:2) hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable definition of "attempts" in this context is:1) earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "competitive" in this context is:1) involving competition or competitivenessThis definition accurately con
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "slate" in the given context is:4) a list of candidates nominated
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in this context is:1) a politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "partial" in this context is:1) being or affecting only a part; not total
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable definition of "reason" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in this context is:1) the point or degree to which something extends
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating to
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "held" in the given sentence is:4) have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "share" in the given sentence is:3) the allotment of some amount by
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "power" in the given sentence is:5) one possessing or exercising power or influence or
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "able" in the given sentence is:2) have the skills and qualifications to do
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "translate" in the given sentence is:6) be equivalent in effect
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "benefits" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete or
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable definition for "strong" in the given sentence is:1) having strength or power greater than average or expected
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "incentive" in this context is:1) a positive motivational influenceThis definition
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition of "keep" in this context is:22) hold and prevent from leavingThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:2) an administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition of "suggests" in the given sentence is:3) imply as a possibilityIn this sentence
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	The correct definition is:1) a member of the Republican PartyThis definition accurately identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fared" in the given sentence is:1) proceed or get along
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "races" in the given sentence is:1) any competition
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "campaigns" in this context is:3) several related operations aimed at achieving a particular goal
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" that identifies its meaning in the given context is:2) a line of argument
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for "making" in this context is:1) the act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable definition of "chamber" in the given context is:4) a deliberative or legislative or administrative or
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expect" in the given sentence is:1) regard something as probable
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	The correct answer is:1) a member of the Republican Party.In this context, the sentence is referring to the party
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "willing" in the given sentence is:1) disposed or inclined
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or participate in an activity;
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:3) representing or appealing to
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "counterparts" in this context is:1) a person or thing having the same function
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "empirical" is:1) derived from experiment and observation rather than theory.This definition
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "support" in the context of "empirical support" is:3
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "pieces" in the context of the sentence is:1) a separate part of a whole
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "assumption" in the given sentence is:1) a statement that is
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:1) characterized by or advocating
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "willing" in this context is:1) disposed or inclined towardThis
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "engage" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or participate in an activity
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with the
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "Republican" is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colleagues" in this context is:1) an associate that one works with
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition of "First" in the given sentence is:3) before another in time, space, or importance
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition of "personal" in the given sentence is:2) particular to a given individualThis definition accurately
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable definition of "staff" in this context is:1) personnel who assist their superior in carrying out an assigned
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "budgets" in this sentence is:1) a sum of money allocated
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable definition of "extent" in this context is:1) the point or degree to which something extendsThis
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "primary" in this context is:1) of first rank or importance or value; direct
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "duty" from the given options is:2) work that you are obliged to perform
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:2) particular to a given
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "staff" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist their superior
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involves" in this context is:2) engage as a participantThis definition
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "indicates" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence ofThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "political" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable definition of "philosophy" in this context is:2) the rational investigation of questions about existence and
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leads" in the sentence is:3) tend to or result inThis definition accurately
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in this context is:1) a member of the Republican Party.The sentence
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "narrow" in the given sentence is:2) limited in size
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "constituent" is:2) a member of a constituency;
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in this context is:1) something that interests you because it is
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assumption" in the given sentence is:1) a statement that
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "valid" in this context is:1) well grounded in logic or truth or having legal
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "have" in the given sentence is:1) have or possess,
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "attendance" in the given sentence is:2) the frequency with which
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rates" among the given options is:4) a quantity or amount or measure considered as
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" is:1) a choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in this context is:1) a member of the Republican Party.This definition
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable definition of "reflect" in this context is:6) give evidence of a certain behaviorIn this sentence
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:2) a line of argument
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "making" in the given sentence is:1) the act that results
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition of "devote" in this context is:2) dedicateIn the sentence, "dev
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable definition of "indicate" in the given sentence is:4) give evidence ofThis definition best fits
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable definition of "case" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the actual state of things
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attendance" in the given sentence is:2) the frequency with which a person
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:4) a quantity or amount or measure considered as
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:2) the frequency with which a person is present
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:4) a quantity or amount or measure considered as a
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the given sentence is:3) provide evidence forThe sentence states "as
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:1) a set of data arranged in rows and
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in this context is:1) a member of the Democratic PartyThe sentence
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition of "proportion" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:4) the relation between things
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "personal" in the given sentence is:2) particular to a given individual
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "staffs" in the given sentence is:1) personnel who assist
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "offices" in the given sentence is:1) place of business where professional or
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable definition of "local" from the given options is:1) relating to or applicable to or concerned with the
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable definition of "duties" in the given sentence is:2) work that you are obliged to perform
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:2) a line of argument
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	The most suitable definition of "making" in the given sentence is:2) an attribute that must be met or complied with
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "activities" in the given sentence is:2) the state of being active
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "relative" in the given sentence is:1) estimated by comparison;
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "offices" in this context is:1) place of business where professional or
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "examination" in the given sentence is:3) formal systematic questioningThis
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "changes" in the given sentence is:2) a relational difference between
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:2) particular to a given
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "decisions" in this context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "control" in the given sentence is:6) the state that exists when
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:2) a group of persons
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable definition for "party" in the given sentence is:1) an organization to gain political powerThis definition
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable definition of "reveals" in this context is:2) make known to the public information that was previously
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "personal" in the given sentence is:2) particular to a given individualThis
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable definition for "differences" in this context is:2) a variation that deviates from the standard or
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "noted" in the given sentence is:3) observe with care or pay
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:1) a set of data arranged in
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	The most suitable definition is:1) attribute or credit toThis definition accurately captures the meaning of "attributed" in
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable definition for "control" in this context is:6) the state that exists when one person or group has
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given context is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	The most suitable definition for "exercise" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or practice; as of jobs and
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "status" in the given sentence is:1) the relative position or
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable definition of "other" in this context is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "resources" in the given context is:2) a source of aid
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable definition is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matterThis definition accurately describes a "committee"
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable definition for the word "staff" in this context is:1) personnel who assist their superior in carrying out
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of a wholeThis
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Holding" in this context is:3) organize or be responsible forIn this
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "factors" is:1) anything that contributes causally to a resultThis definition accurately
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the given sentence is:1) unvarying in natureThis definition
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable definition is:3) the office of an incumbentThe sentence states "Holding other factors constant, such
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantages" in this context is:3) benefit resulting from some event or action
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regional" in the given sentence is:2) related or limited
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:2) a variation that deviates from the standard or norm
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "popular" in this context is:2) carried on by or for the people (or
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	The most suitable definition is:1) relating to a president or presidency.This definition directly refers to the office or position of
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable definition for the word "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in this context is:1) the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conducting" in this sentence is:4) take somebody somewhereIn this context,
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable definition of "election" among the options is:1) a vote to select the winner of a position or
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "turns out" in the given sentence is:1) be shown
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The correct definition is:8) reckoned, situated or tending in the direction which naturally or arbitrarily is taken to indicate
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:4) a relation such that one thing is dependent
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given context is:1) an oner
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "progressive" in the given sentence is:3) (of taxes
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hits" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "higher" in the given sentence is:1) greater than normal in
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "states" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Put" in the given sentence is:2) cause to be in a certain state
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is running for
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable definition is:2) look on as or considerThe sentence "looked on more kindly" means to
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "candidates" in this context is:1) a politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "severe" in this context is:1) intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appears" in the given sentence is:4) seem to be true,
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the given sentence is:10) pick out, select, or choose from
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "federal" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to the
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "level" in this context is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lines" in the context of the sentence "State government is more typically split along Republican-g
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reverse" in the given sentence is:6) turning in the opposite direction.
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "investigation" in the given sentence is:2) the work of in
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reveals" in this context is:2) make known to the public information that was
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "holding" in the given sentence is:7) to close within bounds, limit or hold
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable definition of "other" in this context is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:6) an independent variable
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable definition of "constant" in this context is:3) uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing.This definition
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for "difference" in this context is:2) a variation that deviates from the standard or norm
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable definition of "state" in this context is:7) the territory occupied by a nationThis definition is
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "major" in the given sentence is:1) of greater importance or stature or rankIn
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable definition is:1) an organization to gain political powerThis definition best matches the context of the sentence,
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vote" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the given sentence is:1) change location; move, travel, or
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" is:1) relating to or belonging to the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "candidate" in this context is:1) a politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "share" in the given sentence is:3) the allotment of
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:5) an official assembly having legislative powersThis
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The correct answer is:8) reckoned, situated or tending in the direction which naturally or arbitrarily is taken to indicate
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:4) a relation such that
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by one of
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "federal" in the given sentence is:2) of or relating to the central government
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "irrational" in the given sentence is:1) not consistent
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behavior" in the given sentence is:4) (psychology)
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "display" in the given sentence is:1) to show, make visible or
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rational" in the given sentence is:4) having its source in or
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "long" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and before
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devastating" in the given context is:1) cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earthquake" in the given sentence is:1) shaking and vibration at the surface of
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The correct definition of "residents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who lives at a particular place for a
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "searched" in the given sentence is:2) search or seekThis definition
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition of "comfort" among the given options is:3) the act of consoling; giving relief in
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "solace" in the given sentence is:1) the comfort you feel when
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "screen" in the sentence "Some found it on the screen of a personal
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "made" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "computers" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "link" in the given sentence is:3) be or become joined
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "computers" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for performing
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vivid" in the given sentence is:1) evoking lifelike images within
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "electronic" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to electronics;
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The correct answer is:2) someone who contracts to receive and pay for a service or a certain number of issues of a
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the given sentence is:1) inhabit or live in; be an inhabit
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The correct answer is:1) a period of time equal to 1/24th of a dayIn the sentence
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:4) come to the surfaceThis definition fits the
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "teemed" in the given sentence is:1) be teeming, be
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emotional" in the given sentence is:3) of or pertaining
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "electronic" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "traffic" in the given context is:1) the aggregation of things (pedestrians
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" among the given options is:5) the continuum of experience in which events pass
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:7) a reading of a point in time as
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "subscribers" in the given sentence is:2) someone who contracts
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in this context is:2) take or consume (regularly or habitually
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "identify" in the given sentence is:1) recognize as being; establish the identity
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "avenues" in this context is:2) a wide street or thoroughfareIn
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "floor" in the given sentence is:2) a structure consisting of a room
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "old" in the given sentence is:5) belonging to some prior time
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof and walls and
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "heart" in the given sentence is:3) the courage to carry on
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fallen" in the context of the sentence is:27) be cast down
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "poster" is:1) a sign posted in a
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frames" in the given sentence is:10) a framework that supports and protects a picture
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "glass" in the given sentence is:1) a brittle transparent solid
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as of
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "open" in the context of the sentence is:2) affording free passage or access
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "floor" in the given sentence is:4) the ground on which people and
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "favorite" in the given sentence is:2) preferred above all others and treated with partial
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and anticipate
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:3) an amusement or past
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition of "start" in the given sentence is:3) leaveIn this context, "start"
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:3) perceive by a physical sensation, e.g
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "begin" in the given sentence is:3) set in motion,
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "glanced" in the given sentence is:1) throw a glance at
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in this context is:2) a piece of furniture having a smooth flat top
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The correct answer is:2) nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without intervening spaceIn the sentence, "the
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "smiled" in the given sentence is:1) change one's
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guilty" in the given sentence is:1) responsible for or chargeable with a
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mouthed" in the given sentence is:2) articulate silently;
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "words" in the given sentence is:5) an exchange of views
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable definition of "Earthquake" in the given sentence is:1) shaking and vibration at the surface of the
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "long" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "takes" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the temblors to
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pass" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "time" is:5) the continuum of experience in which events
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "started" in the given sentence is:8) get going or set
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:3) shake or vibrate rapidly and intensely
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "child" in the given sentence is:3) an immature childish person
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable definition of "toy" in the given context is:1) an artifact designed to be played withIn
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "block" in the given sentence is:3) a three-dimensional shape
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tossed" in the given context is:4) move or stir about violentlyThis
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "library" in the given sentence is:2) a collection of literary documents or records kept
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hit" in the given sentence is:2) hit against; come into sudden
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "endless" in the given sentence is:3) having no known beginning and presumably
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short timeThis definition fits the
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "wondering" in the given sentence is:2) place in doubt or
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "windows" in the sentence is:1) a framework of wood or
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "buckle" in the given sentence is:3) bend out of shape, as under pressure
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shower" in the given sentence is:2) spray or sprinkle with
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:1) a brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "books" in the given sentence is:2) physical objects consisting of a
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable definition of "fell" in the sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading room" is:22
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "paint" in the given sentence is:1) a substance used as
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "shop" in the given sentence is:2) small workplace where handcrafts or
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fire" in the given sentence is:3) the process of combustion of inflammable materials
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "sent" in the given sentence is:2) to cause or order to be taken, directed
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cloud" in the given sentence is:1) any collection of particles (e.g.,
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "black" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable definition of "smoke" in this context is:2) a hot vapor containing fine particles of carbon being
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable definition for "air" in the given sentence is:5) the mass of air surrounding the EarthThis
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable definition of "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in satisfactory conditionIn this
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "shook" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "like hell" in the given sentence is:2) used ironically to indicate the opposite of what
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable definition for "kept" in the given sentence is:1) keep in a certain state, position, or
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "getting" in the context of the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploding" in the given sentence is:9) burst and release energy as through a
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "burning" in the given sentence is:1) destroy by fireThis
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable definition for "things" in the given sentence is:6) a vaguely specified concernIn this context,
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "peaceful" in the given sentence is:1) not disturbed by strife or turmoil or
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lot" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off"
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "car" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alarms" in the given sentence is:3) an automatic signal (usually a sound
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "went off" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cats" in the given sentence is:1) feline mammal usually having
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "nervous" in the given sentence is:2) causing or fraught
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fire" in the sentence "Huge fire from broken gas main in
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "fill" in the sentence is:2) any material that fills a space
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liquefy" is:3) become liquid or fluid when heatedThis definition accurately captures
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "able" in the given sentence is:3) having inherent physical or
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walk" in this context is:4) traverse or cover by walkingThis definition captures
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "window" in the given sentence is:1) a framework of wood or
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:2) a structure consisting of a room or set of
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in this context is:6) a flat surface at right angles to a plumb
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "house" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is:12
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ground" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground"
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driving" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicleThis
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle suitable for haulingThis definition
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition of "stopped" in the context of the sentence is:1) come to a halt, stop moving
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "red light" in the given sentence is:2) the signal to
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the context of the sentence is:4) the intersection of two streets
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:2) hit against; come into sudden contact with
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something is regarded
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable definition of "watching" in the given sentence is:2) follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waving" in the given sentence is:3) move in a wavy
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the given sentence is:7) the top of somethingThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:7) a journey or passageThis definition fits
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable definition of "drive" in the given sentence is:1) operate or control a vehicleThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ft." in the given sentence is:2) a linear unit of length equal to
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable definition of "pier" for the given sentence is:1) a platform built out from the shore into
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dramatic" in the given sentence "It flopped all around, real dramatic!"
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "hairline" in the sentence is:1) a very thin line
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cracks" in the context of the sentence "Many hairline cracks in the concrete sl
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable definition of "Ruined" in the context of the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!" is:1
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	Based on the context of the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!", I would select definition 2) expletives used
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in position in space
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:2) a structure consisting of a room or set
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the given sentence is:1) perceive (sound) via the auditory sense
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parts" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "head" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cracking" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "thought" in the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is:
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "die" in the sentence "I actually thought that I might die"
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decide" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make, or come to
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive by
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:2) housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the sentence is:12) a building in which something
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "stilts" in the given sentence is:2) one of two
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable definition of "decided" in the context of the sentence "I decided to brave the storm" is:
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for "smell" in the given sentence is:1) the sensation that results when olfactory receptors
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "gas" in the given sentence is:3) a volatile flammable mixture of hydro
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:7) travel pastThis definition correctly conveys
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable definition of "crossing" in the given sentence is:1) travel across or pass overThis definition
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouds" in the given sentence is:2) a visible mass of water or ice
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "bay" in this context is:1) an indentation of a shoreline larger than a cove
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fire" in the given sentence is:3) the process of combustion of inflamm
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence "I have felt many aftershocks" is
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "back" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and my
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "think" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "body" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just be my
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "shaking" in the context of the sentence is:3) shake or vibrate rapidly
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watchThis definition fits perfectly
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the sentence is:12) a building in which something
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:1) an indentation of a shoreline larger than a c
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable definition of "hard" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is:11
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "believe" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening"
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen,
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "corner" in the given sentence is:9) a projecting part where two sides or
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) suffer or be susceptible to damageThis
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable definition of "old" in this context is:1) (used especially of persons) having lived for a
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable definition of "lady" in this context is:2) a woman of refinementThis definition implies that the
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "old" in the given sentence is:1) (used especially of persons)
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mother" in the sentence is:3) a term of address for
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "typed" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "standing" in the given sentence is:5) (of persons) on the
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	Based on the context of the sentence "This being typed in a standing position," the most suitable definition of "position" is
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "feel" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "thing" in the given sentence is:9) any attribute or quality considered as
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveThis definition captures the
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable definition for "strange" in the context of the sentence is:1) being definitely out of the ordinary
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bird" in the given sentence is:1) warm-blooded egg
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "behavior" in the context of the sentence is:4) (psychology) the aggregate
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Duck" in the given sentence is:1) small wild or domesticated
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "swarms" that identifies its meaning in the context of the sentence "Duck swarms
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago"
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "seconds" in the context of the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a few
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "numb" in the sentence is:2) (followed by
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the sentence is:2) seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable definition for "town" in the given sentence is:1) an urban area with a fixed boundary that is
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phones" in the given sentence is:1) electronic equipment that converts sound into electrical signals
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mess" in the given sentence is:1) a state of confusion and disorder
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "wine" is:2) a red as dark as
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floors" in the given context is:1) the inside lower horizontal surface (as
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "big" in the given sentence is:1) above average in size
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "old" in the given sentence is:5) belonging to some prior
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable definition for "quivers" in the given context is:2) a shaky motionThe sentence describes the
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something is
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "minutes" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short timeThis
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable definition of "unpredictable" is:3) not occurring at expected timesThis definition directly relates to
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intervals" in the given sentence is:1) a definite length of time marked off
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "mouse" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous small rodents typically resembling diminutive
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "living" in the given sentence is:5) have life, be aliveIn
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:10) pick out, select, or choose from
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable definition of "refuge" in this context is:3) a shelter from danger or hardshipIn this
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "distressed" in the given sentence is:4) afflicted with or marked by
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rolled" in the sentence is:14) cause to move by turning
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "town" in the given sentence is:2) the people living in a municipality
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given sentence is:12) a separate and self-contained entityIn
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:2) enter or assume a certain state or condition.
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ran" in the given sentence is:2) flee; take to one's
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "door" in the given sentence is:3) anything providing a means of access
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	The most suitable definition of "spent" in the given sentence is:1) pass time in a specific wayIn the
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable definition of "next" in this context is:1) immediately following in time or orderIn this sentence
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The correct answer is:2) an indefinitely short timeIn this sentence, "minutes" is used to describe a short
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:2) follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brick" in the given sentence is:1) rectangular block of clay
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "feet" in the given sentence is:1) the part of
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "flowers" is:1) a plant cultivated for its
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the given context is:3) move in a wavy pattern or
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rhythm" in the given context is:2) recurring at regular intervalsIn the
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable definition of "Amazing" in the given sentence is:1) surprising greatlyThis definition accurately captures the meaning
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "does" in the given sentence is:5) give rise to; cause to happen
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "one" is:2) a single person or thing
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence is:2) a single person or thing.This definition
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "looked" in the given sentence is:3) have a certain outward or
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable definition of "calm" in the given sentence is:1) not agitated; without losing self-pos
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "surreal" in the given context is:2) resembling a dreamThe word
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable definition for "low" in the given sentence is:1) less than normal in degree or intensity or amount
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the context of the sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confusion" in the given sentence is:2) a mental state
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "continued" in the given sentence is:1) continue a certain state, condition
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The correct answer is:2) seem to be true, probable, or apparentThe sentence is using "seems"
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an actionThis
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect produced
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lights" in this context is:2) any device serving as a source of illumination
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable definition of "friend" in the context of the sentence is:1) a person you know well and regard
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	The most suitable definition of "underground" in this context is:1) under the level of the groundThis definition
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable definition is:1) a machine for performing calculations automaticallyThis definition is more relevant to the context of the
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "center" in the given sentence is:11) a place where some
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:5) affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable definition for "computers" in this context is:1) a machine for performing calculations automaticallyIn this
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable definition of "sliding" in the given sentence is:3) move smoothly along a surfaceThis definition
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:1) the inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present moment (
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:4) the common people generallyThis definition implies
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical or mental
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "life" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic state or mode of
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by movement or
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular timeThis
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "let" in the given sentence is:1) make it possible through a specific
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in this context is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable definition for "house" in the sentence is:12) a building in which something is sheltered or located
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveThis
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounds" in the given sentence is:2) the subjective sensation of hearing somethingThis
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence would be:7) the top of somethingThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable definition of "walking" in the context of the sentence is:4) traverse or cover by walkingThis
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that covers or forms the
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveThis
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "car" in the given sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with four
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bouncing" in the given sentence is:3) move up and down repeatedlyThis
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable definition of "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cognizant of
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur, or
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "screamed" in the given context is:1) utter a sudden loud
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "house" in the given sentence is:11) a building where theatrical performances or
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "doors" in the given sentence is:2) the entrance (the space
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for "feet" in the given sentence is:2) a linear unit of length equal to
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	Based on the given definitions, the most suitable definition of "dog" in the context of the sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:4) hold one's ground; maintain a position;
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "watching" in the given sentence is:2) follow with the eyes or
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "outside" in the given sentence is:4) located, suited for, or
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable definition of "dance" in the given sentence is:3) skip, leap, or move up and down
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cognizant
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the given sentence is:4) enter or assume a certain state or condition
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be uprightThe sentence states
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable definition of "house" among the options is:12) a building in which something is sheltered or located
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "praying" in the given sentence is:2) call upon in
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:2) reach a destination; arrive by
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by movement or
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:3) the course of existence of
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "saw" in the given sentence is:6) get to know
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable definition for "pictures" in the sentence is:1) a visual representation (of an object or scene or
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:2) have a beginning, in a temporal
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cry" in this context is:2) shed tears because of sadness, rage, or
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "evening" in the given sentence is:2) a later concluding time period
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group of human
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Can
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable definition for "walking around" in the given sentence is:4) walk randomlyThe sentence describes a casual
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinking" in the context of the sentence is:2) consume alcoholThe sentence
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sitting down" in the given sentence is:3) be seated
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable definition of "meet" in the given sentence is:8) get to know; get acquainted withThis
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	The most suitable definition for "clients" in this context is:2) someone who pays for goods or services.In this
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable definition of "couple" in this context is:2) a pair of people who live togetherIn
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in this context is:1) a structure that has a roof and walls and
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:8) get going or set in motionThis
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:3) shake or vibrate rapidly and intensively
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flimsy" in the given sentence is:1) lacking solidity
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:1) a thing constructed; a complex entity constructed
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "built" in the sentence "It's a flimsy structure, built
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "supports" in the given sentence is:7) supporting structure that holds up or provides a
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rocking" in this context is:1) move back and forth or sidewaysThe
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:9) have an end, in a temporal, spatial
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breathing" in the given sentence is:1) draw air into, and expel
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "moment" in the given sentence is:1) a particular point in
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "kept" in the context of the sentence is:3) retain possession ofThis definition
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coming" in the given sentence is:3) come to pass; arrive, as in
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable definition of "say" in the sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first session" is
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable definition of "session" in the given sentence is:3) a meeting devoted to a particular activityThe
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) a source of difficultyThis definition
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "family" is:2) primary social group; parents
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	The most suitable definition of "spent" in the given sentence is:1) pass time in a specific wayIn this
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "hour" in the given sentence is:2) clock timeIn the
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "knowing" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "started" in the given sentence is:8) get going or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolling" in the given sentence is:11) move in a wavy pattern or with
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable definition for "ocean" in the given sentence is:2) anything apparently limitless in quantity or volume
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "waves" is:3) (physics) a movement
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ran" in the given sentence is:1) move fast by using one's feet,
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something is sheltered or
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "get" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination;
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	Based on the sentence provided, the most suitable definition for "next" is:1) immediately following in time or order
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable definition of "tremor" in the given sentence is:3) shaking or trembling (usually resulting from
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable definition for "threw" in this context is:2) move violently, energetically, or care
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "air" in this context is:2) the region above the ground.In this
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bounced" in the given sentence is:1) spring back; spring away
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tried" in the given sentence is:1) make an effort or attempt
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fine" in the sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the context of the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:1
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crystal" in the context of the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal"
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tapes" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room" is:5
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "room" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room"
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is not named specificallyIn
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:11) a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in this context is:2) the manner of construction of something and the arrangement
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable definition of "fine" in the given sentence is:1) being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition.In this
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "standing" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable definition of "tremor" in the given sentence is:2) a small earthquakeThe context of
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceiveIn
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerging" in the given sentence is:4) come up to the surface of or
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ground" in the sentence is:1) the solid part of the
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable definition for "amazing" in the given sentence is:1) surprising greatlyThe sentence "It's
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short timeThis definition
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "change" in the given sentence is:3) become different in some
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "guess" in the given sentence is:1) expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "living" in the given sentence is:3) continue to live through
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "waiting" in the given sentence is:1) stay in one place and anticipate or
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the given sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical or mental
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "accept" in the given sentence is:1) consider or hold as trueThis
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the given sentence is:10) pick out, select, or choose from
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wonder" in the given sentence is:3) be amazed atThis definition fits
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable definition of "able" in the given sentence is:3) having inherent physical or mental ability or capacity
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "relax" in the given sentence is:1) become less tense, rest
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Flesh" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the context "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight"
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flight" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight" is
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fight" in the sentence is:2) the act of fighting;
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Nausea" in this context would be:2) disgust so strong it makes you
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the context of the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom"
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "commonplace" that identifies the meaning of "commonplace" in the sentence "Nause
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable definition for "symptom" in the given sentence is:1) (medicine) any sensation or change in
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "quiet" in the sentence "Berkeley very quiet right now" is
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:4) traverse or cover by walkingThis
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The correct answer is:2) an indefinitely short timeIn the sentence, "a few minutes" is used to describe
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "morning" in the given sentence is:3) the first light
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The correct answer is: 2) nearest in space or position; immediately adjoining without intervening space.The phrase "Next to
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable definition of "bundled" in this context is:4) sleep fully clothed in the same bed
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The correct definition of "blue" in the given sentence is:1) of the color intermediate between green and violet; having
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sat up" in this context is:2) change to an upright sitting positionIn
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable definition of "said" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable definition for "woman" in this context is:1) an adult female person (as opposed to a man
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "smiled" in this context is:1) change one's facial expression
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable definition for "said" in this context is:6) speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable definition of "great" in this context is:3) remarkable or out of the ordinary in degree or magnitude
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable definition for "alive" in the given context is:2) (often followed by `with') full of
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "agreed" is:2) consent or assent to a condition, or
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (members
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "plan" in the sentence is:1) a series of steps to
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in this context is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "focus" in the given sentence is:1) the concentration of attention or energy on something.
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition of "document" in this context is:1) writing that provides information (especially information of an official
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reductions" in the given context is:1) the act of decreasing or reducing
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:3) the period of time
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given context is:1) an onerous
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "term" in the given sentence is:3) (usually plural) a
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "text" in this context is:4) the main body of a written work (as
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition of "basis" in this context is:2) the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "obstacles" in this context is:1) something immaterial that stands in the way and
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "path" in the given sentence is:3) an established line of travel
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advance" in the given sentence is:2) a change for the
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition is:2) the activity or business of negotiating an agreement; coming to termsThis definition encompasses the
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a resource
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable definition is:1) a person who rules or guides or inspires othersThis definition best fits the context of
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition of "text" in this context is:4) the main body of a written work (as distinct
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:1) the most common medium
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in this context is:2) a single person or thing.The phrase "
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "term" in the given sentence is:3) (usually plural) a
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "range" in this context is:2) the limits within which something can be effectiveThis
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "options" in the given sentence is:2) one of a number
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "questions" in the given sentence is:3) a sentence of inquiry that
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "upper limit" in the given sentence is:2) the limit on
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "temperature" in the given sentence is:1) the degree of hotness or
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given sentence is:4) a movement upwardThis definition fits the context
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "lot" is:4) your overall circumstances or condition
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "flexibility" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of action intended to achieve
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Washington" in the given sentence is:3) the federal government of
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "representative" in the given sentence is:2) an advocate who represents someone
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "document" in the given context is:1) writing that provides information (especially information of an
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable definition is:1) a discussion intended to produce an agreementThis definition is more specific and accurately captures the
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "text" in the given sentence is:4) the main body of a written
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable definition of "climate" in this context is:1) the weather in some location averaged over some long period
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition of "official" in this context is:1) a worker who holds or is invested with an office
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable definition of "picture" in this context is:3) a clear and telling mental imageThis definition best
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "outlines" in this context is:2) a sketchy summary of the main points of
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "emissions" in this context is:2) a substance that is emitted or releasedThis
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "levels" in the given sentence is:2) a relative position or
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "period" in the given sentence is:1) an amount of time
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a single
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is emitted or released
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable definition of "years" that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:3) the people who live in
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition of "impact" in this context is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effectIn
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "flood" in the given sentence is:1) the rising of a
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drought" is:1) a shortage of rainfallThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by some common
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition is the most suitable because the sentence is
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "envoy" in this context is:2) someone sent on a mission to represent
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cuts" in the given sentence is:19) the act of reducing the
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in this context is:2) a single person or thingIn the sentence
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "move" in the given sentence is:3) a change of position that does not entail a
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition is:2) the executive under President George W. Bush.This is because the sentence mentions "
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition of "officials" in this context is:1) a worker who holds or is invested with an
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "years" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in this context is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable definition of "text" in this context is:4) the main body of a written work (as distinct
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cuts" in the given context is:19) the act of reducing the amount
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "observers" in the given sentence is:2) an expert who
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "comments" in this context is:1) a statement that expresses a personal opinion or belief or
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "hour" in this sentence is:1) a period of time equal to
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "America" in this context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in this context is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "week" in this context is:1) any period of seven consecutive days.The
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "world" in the given sentence is:8) all of the living human inhabitants
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "battle" in this context is:2) an energetic attempt to achieve somethingThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "economies" in this context is:1) the system of production and distribution and consumption
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "China" is:1) a communist nation that covers
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" is:2) the executive and legislative and judicial branches
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "obligations" in the given sentence is:2) the state of being
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "nations" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of people under a single
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "imperative" in the given context is:2) some duty
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "costs" in the given sentence is:3) value measured by what must be given or
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:8) a judicial proceeding brought
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "game" in the given sentence is:10) your occupation or line of workIn
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Central America" in the given sentence is:1) the isthm
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "impact" in this context is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effect
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "participants" in this context is:1) someone who takes part in an activity
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "members" in the given sentence is:4) an organization that is a member of another organization
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable definition of "draft" in the given sentence is:5) any of the various versions in the development of
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) something proposed (such as a plan or assumption)The sentence states that the Alliance of
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "morning" in the given sentence is:3) the first light
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "negotiations" in this context is:1) a discussion intended to
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) as the agent of or
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the given context is:6) an oppressive condition of physical or mental or
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition of "process" in this context is:1) a particular course of action intended to achieve a result
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:9) an act by a government
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in this context is:1) a communist nation that covers
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "urgency" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of information
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issues" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at after
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition is:1) a worker who holds or is invested with an officeThis definition best describes the meaning
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable definition is:2) a person appointed to a high office in the governmentThis definition accurately describes the role
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "planes" in this context is:1) an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable definition for "halls" is:12) a large building used by a college or university for teaching or
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meetings" in this context is:4) the social act of assembling for some common
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "claims" in this context is:5) an established or recognized rightIn this sentence,
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "week" in this context is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "gathering" in the given sentence is:1) a group of persons
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "people" in this context is:1) (plural) any group of human beings
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in timeThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition of "shows" in the given context is:3) a social event involving a public performance or entertainment
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "draft" in the given sentence is:5) any of the various versions in the development of
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "proposals" in this context is:1) something proposed (such as a plan or
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "paper" in the given context is:4) a medium for written communication
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition of "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stimulating situationThe sentence describes
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ministers" in the given sentence is:2) a person appointed
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition is:2) a line of argument rationalizing the course of action of a governmentIn this context
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heavyweights" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a very large person
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Israel" in the given sentence is:1) Jewish republic in southwestern
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "losses" in the context of the sentence is:4) the disadvantage that
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "performance" in this context is:3) the act of performing; of doing something successfully;
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)This definition
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The correct definition is:10) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or especially in a processIn the context
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "top" in the given sentence is:5) the highest level or
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the context of the sentence is:1) any number
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "absences" in the context of the sentence is:3) the time interval during which
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "involvement" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which something ends
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sidelines" in the given sentence is:1) a line that
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lot" in the sentence is:4) your overall circumstances or condition
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "triumph" in this context is:1) a successful ending of a struggle or
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "favor" in the context of the sentence is:2) an advantage to the benefit
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	Based on the context, the most suitable definition for "baskets" in this sentence is:4) a score in basketball
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "perimeter" in the given sentence is:3) the size of
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speculation" in the given sentence is:2) a hypothesis that
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scorers" in the given sentence is:1) a player
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "end" in the sentence is:2) the point in time at which something endsThis
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quarter" in the given sentence is:3) (football, professional basketball) one of
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "whistles" in the given sentence is:2) the act of signalling (e.g.,
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "return" in the given sentence is:5) the act of going back to
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition of "home" in the given sentence is:7) an environment offering affection and securityThis definition
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lead" in the given sentence is:7) (sports) the
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)This definition
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "points" in the given context is:10) a specific identifiable position in a
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "points" in the given sentence is:10) a specific identifiable position in
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "night" in the given context is:4) the period spent sleepingThis definition is the
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the given sentence is:6) an oppressive condition of physical or mental or
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner.
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "role" in this context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or required or expected
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable definition of "players" is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at some gameIn
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "couple" in the given sentence is:3) a small indefinite
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "plays" in the given sentence is:3) a preset plan of action in team sports
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "help" in the given context is:1) the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable definition of "lead" in the given sentence is:7) (sports) the score by which a team
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "quarter" in the given sentence is:3) (football, professional basketball)
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "line" in the given sentence is:20) in games or sports
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable definition of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)The
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in this context is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner.
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable definition of "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a resource under
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "season" is:1) a period of the year
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Wall Street" in the given sentence is:2) used to allude
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollar" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition of "heading" in this context is:1) a line of text serving to indicate what the passage
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition for "indicators" in the given context is:1) a number or ratio (a value on
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable definition of "dollar" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries;
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "figures" in the context of the sentence is:7) an amount of money expressed numerically
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "predominance" in this context is:1) the state of being predominant over others
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "market" in the given sentence is:1) the world of commercial activity where
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition of "volumes" in the given sentence is:5) a relative amountIn this context,
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:4) the actual state of
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable definition of "trend" in this context is:1) a general direction in which something tends to move
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "publication" in the given sentence is:3) the communication of something
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "indicators" in this context is:1) a number or ratio (a value
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "market" in the given sentence is:4) the securities markets in the aggregate
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relation" in the given sentence is:6) (usually plural) mutual dealings or connections
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition of "recovery" in this context is:2) gradual healing (through rest) after sickness or
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) an expert who
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "month" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "row" in the sentence is:6) a continuous chronological succession without an
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confidence" in the given sentence is:3) a state of confident
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "month" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "estimates" in the given sentence is:1) an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "index" in the given sentence is:2) a number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "indices" in the given sentence is:2) a number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "rise" in the given context is:10) increase in price or valueThe sentence states
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "dollar" in this context is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in this context is:1) a lofty level or position or degreeThis
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:6) an oppressive condition of
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms part of the
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "situation" in the given sentence is:2) a condition or
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ground" in the given sentence is:7) material in the top layer of the surface
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Treasury" in this context is:5) the federal department that
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bond" in the given context is:2) a certificate of debt
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable definition of "yields" in this context is:2) the income or profit arising from such transactions as
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "evening" in the given context is:2) a later concluding time
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "bond" is:2) a certificate of debt (
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The correct answer is:2) the income or profit arising from such transactions as the sale of land or other propertyIn
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "evening" in this context is:2) a later concluding time periodIn this sentence
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deals" in the context of the sentence "Iraqi Oil Ministry reaches deals with
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable definition of "concerns" in the given sentence is:4) something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "violence" in the given sentence is:3) a turbulent state resulting in injuries
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instability" in the given context is:3) a lack of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is the
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "auctions" in the given sentence is:2) the public sale
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable definition of "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	Based on the sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" is:1) a communist nation
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Russia" in the given sentence is:2) formerly the largest Soviet Socialist
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "oil" in the given sentence is:3) a dark liquid consisting mainly of hydrocarbons
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable definition of "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to or required or
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The correct definition of "decades" that is most suitable for this context is:1) a period of 10 years
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "war" in the given sentence is:1) the waging of armed
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable definition for "sanctions" in the given context is:2) a mechanism of social control for enforcing a
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "companies" in the sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stakes" among the options provided is:1) (law) a right or legal share
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in this context is:7) a band of people associated temporarily in some activity
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "auction" in the given sentence is:2) the public sale of something to
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bid" in the given sentence is:3) a formal proposal to buy at a specified
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the context of the sentence "Two American companies reached deals for fields auction
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable definition of "fields" in this context is:9) extensive tract of level open landThis definition best
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "representation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of representing
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "oil" in the given sentence is:3) a dark liquid consisting mainly
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "giants" in the given sentence is:3) an unusually large enterpriseIn
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) an expert who
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "doors" in this context is:3) anything providing a means of access (or escape)
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable definition of "years" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 365 (or
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "war" in this context is:1) the waging of armed conflict against an
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in this context is:1) the executive and legislative and judicial branches of
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable definition of "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis definition
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition is:1) a person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication; the person who determines the final content
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable definition of "outlet" in this context is:3) an opening that permits escape or releaseIn
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Concerns" in the given sentence is:4) something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "security" in the given sentence is:9) measures taken as a precaution against
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bombings" in the given sentence is:1) an attack by
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "instability" in the given sentence is:3) a lack of balance or state of dise
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) the executive and
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:5) people in general considered as
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:1) someone who is skilled at analyzing data
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." is:2) North American republic containing 50 states - 48 con
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "government" is:1) the organization that is the governing authority of
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "energy" in the given sentence is:6) any source of usable
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis definition
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department under
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) the executive and legislative and
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ties" in the given sentence is:2) a social or business
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable definition of "companies" in the given context is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis definition
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "bid" in the given sentence is:5) make a serious effort to attain something
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in this context is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis definition
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stakes" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a right or
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fields" in the context of the given sentence is:9) extensive
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "power" in the given sentence is:5) one possessing or exercising
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "par" in the given sentence is:2) a state of being
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The correct answer is:3) the act of binding yourself (intellectually or emotionally) to a course of action
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The correct answer is:3) a formal proposal to buy at a specified priceThis definition best fits the context of the
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "offers" in the given sentence is:2) something offered (as
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "barrel" in the given context is:4) the quantity that
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fee" in this context is:1) a fixed charge for a privilege or for professional
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "output" in the given sentence is:4) the quantity of something
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "field" is:9) extensive tract of level open
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banks" in the sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable definition of "support" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:1) the activity of
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:1) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "shackles" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint that confines or restricts
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable definition of "support" in this context is:1) the activity of providing for or maintaining by supplying with
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "protection" in the given sentence is:3) defense against financial
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fund" in the given sentence is:1) a reserve of money
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "amount" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for "broadcaster" in this context is:1) someone who broadcasts on radio or television
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the sentence is:1) the territory occupied by one of
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "support" that identifies the meaning of "support" in the given sentence is:3)
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "institutions" in the given sentence is:1) an organization founded
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable definition of "restrictions" is:2) an act of limiting or restricting (as by regulation)This
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "acceptance" in the given sentence is:2) the act of accepting
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "money" is:1) the most common medium of
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limits" in the given sentence is:6) the greatest amount of something that is possible
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, I would choose definition 1: someone who controls resources and expenditures.The sentence mentions
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bonuses" in this context is:2) an additional payment (or other
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "charges" in the given sentence is:3) the price charged for some article or service
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loans" in the given sentence is:1) the temporary provision of money (usually
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "rest" in the given sentence is:1) something left after other parts have been taken away
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "amount" in the given sentence is:3) how much there is or how many there is
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "sale" in the given sentence is:1) a particular instance of selling
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "Bank" is:2) a financial institution that accepts
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "height" in the given sentence is:2) the highest level or degree
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given sentence is:1) an unstable situation of extreme
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "investment" in the given sentence is:1) the act of investing
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The correct answer is:2) prompt payment for goods or services in currency or by checkIn this sentence, "cash
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "liabilities" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:2) an obligation to
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable definition of "state" in the given sentence is:3) the group of people comprising the government of a
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "capital" in the given sentence is:2) wealth in the form of
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "increase" in this context is:4) the amount by which something increasesThis definition accurately
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "circles" is:2) an unofficial association of
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "support" in the given sentence is:11) financial resources provided to make
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Appeal" that identifies the meaning you are looking for in the sentence "Cheshire Appeal
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "rows" in the given sentence is:1) an arrangement of objects or people side by side
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the sentence "Minute by minute, they sent out reports of gruesome testimony via
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable definition of "testimony" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion offering firsthand authentication of a fact
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "In the end" is:2) as the end result of a succession or process.
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable definition of "defense" in the given sentence is:11) a defendant's answer or plea denying the truth
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "messages" in the given sentence is:1) a communication (usually brief) that
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person's innocence
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rape" in the given sentence is:3) the crime of forcing
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable definition of "children" in this context is:1) a young person of either sexThis definition is
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "beds" in the given sentence is:1) a piece of furniture that
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "family" in the given sentence is:2) primary social group; parents and childrenThis
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time at which something ends
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "judge" in this context is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "imposition" in this context is:2) an uncalled-for burdenIn this sentence
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:1) a body of citizens
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided over
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable definition of "filings" in the given context is:1) the entering of a legal document into the
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:7) a course of reasoning aimed at demonstrating a truth
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "courts" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:1) the act of usingThis definition best fits the
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "circus" in the given sentence is:3) a frenetic
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "atmosphere" in the given sentence is:6) a distinctive but
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "details" in this context is:3) extended treatment of particularsThis definition fits the usage
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:1) a body of citizens
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable definition of "passions" in this context is:2) the trait of being intensely emotionalIn this
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claim" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable definition of "appeals" is:3) (law) a legal proceeding in which the appellant resorts to
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "judges" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "question" in the context of the sentence is:2) the subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or actionThis definition
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "danger" in the given sentence is:3) a cause of pain
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "inclusion" in this context is:2) the relation of comprising somethingIn this sentence
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable definition of "individual" in this context is:1) a human beingThe sentence mentions a person (
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "rights" in this context is:7) anything in accord with principles of justiceThis definition
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable definition of "claims" in this context is:2) an assertion that something is true or factualIn
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable definition of "week" in this context is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition is
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in this context is:3) (law) all the means by which any
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:1) a body of citizens
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "passion" that identifies the meaning used in the context of the sentence is:4)
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "last word" in the given sentence is:1) the final statement
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The correct answer is:1) a period of 10 years.The sentence is referring to a time period of 10
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable definition of "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "questions" in the given sentence is:4) uncertainty about the truth or fact
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determination of a person
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fairness" in the given sentence is:2) ability to make
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The correct answer is:1) the largest city in Ohio; located in northeastern Ohio on Lake Erie; a major Great Lakes
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion or judgment
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable definition of "carnival" in this context is:2) a frenetic disorganized (and often
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "atmosphere" in the given context is:6) a distinctive
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable definition of "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person's innocence
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inspiration" in the given sentence is:1) arousal of the mind to special unusual
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in this context is:2) (criminal law) a final judgment of guilty
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable definition of "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of a divisible whole
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "century" in this context is:1) a period of 100 years
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "argument" in the given sentence is:7) a course of reasoning aimed at demonstrating a
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "ways" in the given sentence is:11) a general category of things; used in the
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "reason" in the context of the sentence is:1) a rational motive for a belief or
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "concern" in this context is:4) something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trials" in the given context is:4) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Connecticut" in the given sentence is:3) one of the
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a legal proceeding in which
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judges" in the given sentence is:1) a public official
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable definition of "idea" in this context is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing you are
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "communication" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of communicating
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "execution" in the given sentence is:7) unlawful premeditated
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "Judge" among the given options is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "reactions" in the given sentence is:5) a response that reveals a person's feelings
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable definition of "victims" in this context is:1) an unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "judge" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pressure" in the given context is:6) an oppressive condition of physical or mental or
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable definition of "decision" in this context is:2) a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	The most suitable definition is:1) a body of citizens sworn to give a true verdict according to the evidence presented in a
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "effect" in the sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "interest" in the given sentence is:3) the power of attracting or holding
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "challenge" in this context is:3) questioning a statement and demanding an explanationThis definition
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable definition is:2) a time unit of approximately 30 daysThis definition is more specific and accurate in
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Connecticut" in the given sentence is:1) a New England
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:1) a vote to select
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "campaign" in this context is:3) several related operations aimed at achieving a particular goal
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable definition is:1) a politician who is running for public office.This definition fits the context of the sentence
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "courthouse" is:2) a building that houses judicial courtsThe
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "focus" in the given sentence is:1) the concentration of attention or
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coverage" in the sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable definition is:1) the questioning of a person (or a conversation in which information is elicited); often
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "journalists" in the given sentence is:1) a writer for newspapers and magazinesThis
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claim" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "news" is:1) information about recent and important events.This
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) a short account of
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "view" in the given sentence is:5) a personal belief or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:2) a line of argument rationalizing the course of
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable definition of "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trials" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in this context is:2) a relational difference between states; especially between states
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "adaptation" in the given context is:2) the process of adapting to
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "courts" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claim" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "filing" in the given sentence is:1) the entering of a legal document into the
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Supreme Court" in the given sentence is:1) the highest federal
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable definition for "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) a final judgment of
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable definition of "trial" in this context is:4) (law) the determination of a person's innocence
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by reporters for newspapers or
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or actionThis
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "century" in the given sentence is:2) ten 10
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fraud" among the given options is:3) something intended to deceive; deliberate trick
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "law" is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authorityThis
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "Tricks" in the given sentence is:1) a cunning or deceitful action or device
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "will" in the given sentence is:2) a fixed and persistent intent or
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "expulsion" that identifies the meaning of "expulsion" in the given sentence is:
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ink" in this context is:1) a liquid used for printing or writing or drawing
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behavior" in the given sentence is:3) (behavioral attributes
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The correct answer is:1) a unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:2) the point in time
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at some
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a resource under
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "referee" in the given sentence is:1) (sports) the chief official (as
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:10) doing as one pleases
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of sports
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trainer" in the given sentence is:1) one who trains other
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	The most suitable definition of "amounts" in this context is:1) a quantity of moneyThe sentence states that
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "provocation" in the given sentence is:2) something that incites
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) the set of
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "practice" in the given sentence is:1) a customary way of operation
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "world" in the given sentence is:8) all of the living human inhabitants
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "football" in the given sentence is:1) any of various games played with a ball
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:8) directions that define the
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "debate" in the given sentence is:1) a discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organization" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or committees or departments etc
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nobility" in this context is:2) the quality of elevation
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "honor" in this context is:3) the quality of being
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "acts" in the given sentence is:2) something that people do
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable definition of "history" in this context is:1) the aggregate of past events.This definition captures the
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "debate" in the given sentence is:1) a discussion in which reasons
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) manner of acting or controlling yourself
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable definition of "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic generalization that is accepted
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable definition of "actions" in the given sentence is:6) the trait of being active and energetic and force
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fraud" in the given sentence is:3) something intended to
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable definition of "regulation" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:2) a principle or condition
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable definition of "matter" in the given sentence is:3) that which has mass and occupies spaceIn
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable definition of "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable definition of "damage" in the given sentence is:5) any harm or injury resulting from a violation of
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is:3) a fundamental emotional and activating principle determining one's
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spirit" in the given sentence is:7) animation and energy in
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for "integrity" in the given context is:2) moral soundnessIn this sentence,
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at some
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "aspect" in the given sentence is:1) a distinct feature or element in
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "danger" in the given sentence is:1) the condition of being
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "advantages" in this context is:3) benefit resulting from some event or action
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)The
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at some
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "takes advantage" in the given sentence is:2) make excessive use
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)The sentence
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "thing" in this context is:12) a separate and self-contained entityThis definition fits
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:6) the trait of being active and energetic and
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:8) a judicial proceeding brought
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "referee" in this context is:1) (sports) the
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "complaints" in the sentence is:3) an expression of
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "question" in the given sentence is:3) a sentence of inquiry that asks for
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "actions" among the given options is:8) a judicial proceeding brought by one party against another
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "situation" in the given sentence is:2) a condition or
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefit" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for "result" in this context is:3) something that resultsThis definition captures the idea that
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable definition of "action" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable definition of "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)This definition
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at some
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "strategy" in the given sentence is:1) an elaborate and systematic
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable definition of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from some
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Championship" in the given sentence is:2) a competition at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "participation" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the given sentence is:1) a word or expression used for some particular
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" is:3) benefit resulting from some event
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable definition of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)The
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "change" in the given sentence is:1) an event that occurs
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable definition of "action" in this context is:9) an act by a government body or supranational
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable definition of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cycle" in the given sentence is:3) a periodically repeated sequence
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suspension" in the given sentence is:2) a time
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "accumulation" in the given sentence is:3) the act of accumulating
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cycle" in the given sentence is:3) a periodically repeated sequence
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rounds" in the given sentence is:4) (often plural
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from some event
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:6) the trait of being active and energetic and
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is:3) a fundamental emotional and activating principle determining one's
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable definition of "part" among the given options is:9) one of the portions into which something is regarded
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decisions" in the given sentence is:2) a position or
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:8) directions that define the way
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given sentence is:1) a statement that is assumed to be
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable definition of "application" in the given sentence is:7) the action of putting something into operationThis
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "case" in this context is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decision" in the sentence is:2) a position or opinion or
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" among the given options is:6) the learned profession that is mastered by graduate
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the given sentence is:3) something intended to deceive; deliberate trick
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "occasion" in the given sentence is:4) the time of a particular eventIn this
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:9) a statement of facts and
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:1) anything that contributes caus
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable definition for "expulsions" in this context is:3) the act of expelling or projecting or
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how it happens
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "transmission" in the context of the sentence is:5) the gears that transmit power
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable definition of "damage" in this context is:5) any harm or injury resulting from a violation of a
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic generalization that is accepted
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:9) an act by a government body or supran
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "possibility" in this context is:1) a future prospect or potentialThis definition
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "types" in the given sentence is:3) (biology) the tax
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering somethingThis definition
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nutrients" in the given sentence is:1) any substance that
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "scope" in the given sentence is:1) an area in which
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "forms" in the given sentence is:9) (biology) a group of
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possibilities" in the given sentence is:1) a future prospect
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for "organism" is:1) a living thing that has (or can develop) the ability
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "capability" in the given sentence is:3) an aptitude that
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a mult
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "form" in the given sentence is:2) a category of things distinguished
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" among the options is:11) the organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "edition" in the given sentence is:2) all of the identical
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "journal" in the given sentence is:2) a periodical dedicated
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" is:3) any of the more than 100 known substances
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" among the options is:1) a characteristic state or mode
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "carbon" in the given sentence is:1) an abundant nonmetal
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic element of the nitrogen family
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms;
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a mult
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find" in this context is:2) the act of discovering somethingThis definition best
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable definition of "search" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of looking thoroughly in order to find
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable definition of "life" in this context is:11) the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms from non
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet from the
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "details" in the given sentence is:2) a small part that can be considered
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable definition of "find" in the given sentence is:2) the act of discovering somethingThis definition accurately
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speculation" in the given sentence is:2) a hypothesis that
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The correct answer is:1) the act of discovering somethingIn this context, "discovery" refers to the act
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "environments" in the given sentence is:1) the totality of
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) a living thing that
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "set" in the given sentence is:1) a group of things of the same kind that
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Space" in the given sentence is:4) any location outside the
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Sciences" in the given sentence is:1) a particular branch
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "part" in the sentence "Cockell was not part of the research team" is:
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "team" is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing somethingThis
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "substitution" in the given context is:2) the act of putting one
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "element" in the context of the sentence is:3) any of
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "structure" in the given sentence is:2) the manner of construction
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "discovery" in the sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery" is:1) the
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has three
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the context of the sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in a
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has three
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a mult
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:2) the action or reaction of something (as
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisms" is:1) a living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hard time" in this context is:1) a difficulty that can be overcome with effort
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a mult
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentrations" in the given sentence is:1) the strength of a solution
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" among the given options is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possibility" in the given sentence is:4) a possible alternative
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "planet" in the given sentence is:3) any celestial body (
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "moon" is:1) the natural satellite of the EarthThis
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable definition of "idea" in this context is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing you are
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) a very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" is:1) a multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "example" in the given sentence is:2) a representative form or
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous metallic element
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "times" in the given sentence is:1) a more or less
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Earth" in this context is:1) the 3rd planet from the sun;
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable definition of "ways" in this context is:11) a general category of things; used in the expression
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given context is:9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable definition of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (especially in sports)This
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable definition of "routine" is:1) an unvarying or habitual method or procedureThis definition accurately
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "backing" in the given sentence is:1) the act of providing approval
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "Crime" in the sentence is:1) (criminal law) an
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "worry" in the sentence is:2) a strong feeling of
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	None of the given options define the meaning of "Brazil" as a proper noun, which is a country.However, option
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable definition of "United States" in this context would be:2) the executive and legislative and judicial branches of
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:3) something that is foundThis definition
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public opinion
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nationThis definition accurately
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The correct answer is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a random sample of people.In this sentence,
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "changes" in this context is:2) a relational difference between states; especially between states before
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "attitude" that matches the context of the sentence is:1) a complex mental state
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable definition of "things" in this context is:12) a separate and self-contained entityThis definition fits
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:4) the semantic role of
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "poll" in this context is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted by
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable definition of "mood" from the given options is:1) a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "second" in this context is:1) coming next after the first in position in space or
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stability" in the given sentence is:3) the quality of
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attitudes" in the given sentence is:1) a complex mental
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "institutions" in the given sentence is:1) an organization founded
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "South America" in this context is:2) the nations of the South American continent collectively
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:1) a set of data
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing 365 (or
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable definition of "support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The correct answer is:3) a low level or position or degreeIn the given sentence, "low" is used
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "drop" in the given sentence is:3) a sudden sharp decrease in some
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "output" in the given sentence is:4) the quantity of something
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:2) someone who respondsThis definition accurately describes
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Brazil" in this context is:1) the largest Latin American country and the
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable definition is:2) an advocate of democratic principlesThis definition is more general and inclusive, as it doesn
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:3) an intermediate scale value
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of informationThe sentence
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The correct answer is:2) someone who responds"Respondents" refers to people who participate in a survey, poll
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "democracy" in the given sentence is:2) a political system
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for "figure" in the given sentence is:9) the property possessed by a sum or total or
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in this context is:2) a period of time occupying a regular
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The correct answer is: 4) the amount by which something increases.The sentence states that the "big increase" refers
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable definition of "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of informationThe sentence mentions "
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "confidence" in the given sentence is:1) freedom from doubt; belief
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Congress" in the given sentence is:1) the legislature of the
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:1) the organization that is the governing
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" in the sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 10
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable definition of "woes" in this context is:1) misery resulting from afflictionThis definition accurately
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:3) the people who live
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recession" among the options is:1) the state of the
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "recovery" in the given sentence is:1) return to an original
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The correct answer is:1) a guarantee of professional or financial securityIn the context of the sentence, "safety
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days.This definition
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "proportion" in this context is:4) the relation between things (or parts of things
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" among the given options is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mood" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic (
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable definition of "country" from the given options is:2) the territory occupied by a nationThis definition
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) a visual display of informationThe sentence is referring to a chart as a graphical representation
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The correct answer is:1) the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking country in the world; located in the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) the chief executive of
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "sense" in the given sentence is:2) the meaning of a word or expression; the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "progress" in the given sentence is:1) gradual improvement or growth or developmentThis
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "recession" from the given options is:1) the state of the economy declines;
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "polls" in this context is:1) an inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "respondents" in this context is:2) someone who respondsIn this sentence,
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "whole" in this context is:2) an assemblage of parts that is regarded
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in the given sentence is:2) an evil act not
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable definition of "chart" in this context is:1) a visual display of informationThe sentence refers to
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	The most suitable definition is:1) a person related by blood or marriage.This definition accurately identifies "relative" as a
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "victims" in this context is:1) an unfortunate person who suffers from some
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in this context is:1) (criminal law) an
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "figure" in the given sentence is:9) the property possessed by
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "support" in the given sentence is:2) aiding the cause or
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in this context is:2) someone who respondsThe sentence states that
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given context is:2) a process in which something
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "chart" in the given sentence is:1) a visual display of
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the given sentence is:2) a group of independent but interrelated elements
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The correct definition of "respondents" is:2) someone who respondsThis definition refers to individuals who answer questions,
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "view" in the given sentence is:5) a personal belief or judgment
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) the chief executive
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	None of the given dictionary definitions identify "Brazil" as a country that exercises leadership in a region. The correct definition that
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "leadership" in the given sentence is:4) the ability to
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable definition is:2) someone who respondsThe term "respondents" refers to people who answer or respond
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:2) the executive and legislative and judicial branches of the
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "United States" in this context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The correct definition is:2) someone who respondsThis definition fits the context of the sentence, as respondents are the individuals
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "distinction" in the given sentence is:4) a distinguishing difference
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in timeThis definition
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Supreme Court" in the given sentence is:1) the highest
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable definition of "question" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:2) the subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dinner" in this context is:2) a party of people assembled to have dinner
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable definition of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable definition of "petitions" in this context is:1) a formal message requesting something that is submitted to
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "review" in the given sentence is:8) (law) a judicial re
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "states" in the given sentence is:3) the group of people
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overhaul" in this context is:2) the act of improving by renewing and
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Congress" in the given sentence is:1) the legislature of the United
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in this context is:1) a period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" among the given options is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable definition is:1) a slogan used to rally support for a causeThe term "rallying cry
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable definition of "justices" in this context is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "suit" in the given sentence is:2) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The correct answer is:1) a period of time equal to 1/24th of a dayIn this context
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "argument" in the given context is:3) a discussion in which reasons are advanced for and
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "March" in this context is:1) the month following February and preceding AprilThe sentence
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "race" in this context is:3) people who are believed to belong to
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "swing" in the given context is:4) changing location by moving back and forth
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:2) a position or opinion or
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "court" among the given options is:8) a tribunal that is presided over by a
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "dinner" in the given sentence is:2) a party of people assembled to
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "dinner" in this context is:2) a party of people assembled to have dinner together
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "sponsor" in the given sentence is:1) someone who supports or champions somethingIn this
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "giant" in the context of the sentence is:3) an unusually large enterprise
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable definition of "stake" in this context is:1) (law) a right or legal share of
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "dinner" in the given sentence is:1) the main meal of the day
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Washington" in the given sentence is:1) the capital of the
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable definition of "hours" in this context is:1) a period of time equal to 1/24
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "attendance" in the given sentence is:1) the act of being present (at
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Senate" in the given sentence is:2) the upper house of the
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "opponent" in this context is:2) someone who offers oppositionThis definition
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable definition of "guests" in the sentence is:1) a visitor to whom hospitality is extendedThis
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	The most suitable definition is:2) a party of people assembled to have dinner togetherThis definition better fits the context of
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given context is:3) a public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "events" in the sentence is:1) something that happens at a given place and
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:2) a prolonged period of
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or action
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:8) a judicial proceeding brought
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to decide
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "code" in this context is:1) a set of rules or principles or laws (especially
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in this context is:1) a public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable definition of "events" in this context is:1) something that happens at a given place and time
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "organizations" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (or committees
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speaker" in the given context is:1) someone who expresses in
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "program" in this context is:8) a performance (or series of performances) at
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable definition of "event" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given place and time
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "proximity" in the given sentence is:1) the property of being close
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessIn this
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "interest" in the given sentence is:5) (law) a right or legal
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "breach" in this context is:1) a failure to perform some promised act or obligation
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable definition of "indifference" from the given options is:4) the trait of remaining calm and seeming not
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "code" in this context is:1) a set of rules or principles or laws
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable definition of "rules" in this context is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or action.This definition fits
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fundraiser" in this context is:2) a social function that is held for
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided over by a
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "appearance" in this context is:1) outward or visible aspect of a person or thing
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assistance" in the given sentence is:1) the activity of
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "event" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:2) an assertion that something is true or factual
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "regard" in the given sentence is:7) an attitude of admiration or esteem
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "business" in the given sentence is:2) the activity of providing
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is presided
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "groups" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conservatives" in this context is:2) a member of a Conservative PartyIn
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Justice" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable definition of "issue" in this context is:1) an important question that is in dispute and must be
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "administration" in the given sentence is:5) the act of governing
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "level" in this context is:3) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" among the given options is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "indication" in the context of the sentence "Kagan has given no indication
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "familiarity" in the given sentence is:2) usualness
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at some
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "games" in the sentence "Of the 22 players called in Spain, ten
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in the context of the sentence is:2) one of two or more contesting
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "games" in the given sentence is:2) a single play of a sport or other
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "San Jose" in this context is:2) the capital and largest city of
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "number one" in the given sentence is:2) the first or
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:3) the number of wins
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:6) (games) the score at a particular
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "League" in the given sentence is:1) an association of sports
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of sports
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "competitions" in the given sentence is:2) an occasion on
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "experience" among the given options is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "area" in the given sentence is:1) a particular geographical region
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:2) a relative position or degree of
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "peak" in the given sentence is:3) the highest level or degree
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in this context is:1) the soccer or hockey player assigned to protect
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable definition of "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "London" in the given sentence is:1) the capital and largest
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment; the
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:1) the soccer or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "today" is:2) the day that includes the present
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the given sentence is:6) an extreme attainment; the best (or
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "matches" in the context of the sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two or
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable definition of "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in or
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in this context is:1) a cooperative unit (especially
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable definition of "matches" in this context is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons or
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "striker" in the given context is:1) a forward on a soccer teamThis
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" among the given options is:1) the property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:2) a single play of a sport or other
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side" in the sentence is:1) a place within a region
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable definition of "matches" in this context is:2) a formal contest in which two or more persons or
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "striker" in the given context is:1) a forward on
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "games" in the given sentence is:2) a single play of
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side" in the given sentence is:2) one of two or
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presences" is:1) the state of being present; current existenceThis definition
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rest" in the given sentence is:3) a pause for relaxation.This
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "games" in the given sentence is:2) a single play of a sport
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorer" in this context is:1) a player who makes a score in a
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "goals" among the given options is:4) a successful attempt at scoringThis definition align
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "points" in the given sentence is:10) a specific identifiable position in a continuum or series
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the context of the sentence "Is immigration a burden
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "economy" in the context of the sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "immigration" in the given sentence is:1) migration into a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable definition of "policy" is:2) a line of argument rationalizing the course of action of a government
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aspects" in the given sentence is:1) a distinct feature or element in a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "congestion" in the given sentence is:2) excessive crowdingThe sentence describes
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:2) a line of argument rational
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for "numbers" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum or total or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable definition of "compatibility" in the given context is:2) capability of existing or performing in harmonious
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable definition of "policy" in the given sentence is:2) a line of argument rationalizing the course of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "status" in the given sentence is:1) the relative position or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable definition of "harassment" in this context is:2) the act of tormenting by continued persistent
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "France" in the given sentence is:1) a republic in western
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "talent" in the given sentence is:2) a person who possesses
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable definition is:1) a person whose occupation is to serve at table (as in a restaurant)The context
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable definition is:1) a mental position from which things are viewedThis definition captures the meaning of "view
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lot" in the given context is:1) (often followed by `of') a
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Left" in the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Right" in this context is:7) anything in accord with principles of justiceThis
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the given sentence is:1) the subject matter of a conversation or discussion
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in this context is:4) those who support political or social or economic conservatism
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "tone" in the given context is:4) the general atmosphere of a place or situation and
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) the territory occupied by
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "workers" in this context is:2) a member of the working class (not necessarily employed
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The correct answer is:2) those who support varying degrees of social or political or economic change designed to promote the public welfare
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "France" in the given context is:1) a republic in western Europe
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misery" in this context is:1) a state of ill-being due to afflict
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "difference" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:2) a variation that dev
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "generosity" is:1) the trait of being willing to give
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fear" in this context is:1) an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "invasion" is:2) any entry into an area not
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "territory" in the given sentence is:3) the geographical area
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hordes" in the given sentence is:1) a vast multitude
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable definition of "Left" in the given sentence is:2) those who support varying degrees of social or political
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Right" in the given sentence is:4) those who support political or
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sides" in the given sentence is:2) one of two or more
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:1) an oner
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "society" in this context is:1) an extended social group having a distinctive cultural
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable definition of "difference" in the given sentence is:2) a variation that deviates from the standard or
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "degree" in the given sentence is:1) a position on a scale of
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "generosity" in the given sentence is:1) the trait of
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:2) a system of projects or services intended to
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which some
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:2) weight to be
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "book" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or composition
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "immigration" in the given sentence is:1) migration into a
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "People" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "migration" in this context is:1) the movement of persons from one country
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to come
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "specialists" in the given sentence is:1) an expert who is
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "migration" is:1) the movement of persons from one country or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "flows" in this context is:3) the act of flowing or streaming; continuous progression
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" is:2) the territory occupied by a nationThis definition
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "immigration" in the given sentence is:1) migration into a
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:3) a process of becoming
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "employment" from the given options is:1) the state of being employed or having a
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Fears" in the given sentence is:2) an anxious feeling
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable definition of "impact" in this context is:2) a forceful consequence; a strong effectThis
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable definition of "notion" in this context is:1) a vague idea in which some confidence is placed
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	The most suitable definition is:2) a single person or thingIn the given sentence, "ones" refers to "
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pressure" that identifies the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:6)
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "experience" among the given options is:1) the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable definition of "replacements" from the given options is:2) someone who takes the place of another person
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "trades" is:5) people who perform a particular kind of skilled workThis
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shortage" is:2) an acute insufficiencyThis
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "labor" in the given sentence is:2) productive work (
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	The correct answer is:2) a single person or thingIn the given sentence, "ones" refers to "sk
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms part of
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "training" is:1) activity leading to skilled behaviorThe
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "offers" in the given sentence is:2) something offered (as a
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable definition of "employment" in the given sentence is:2) the occupation for which you are paidThis
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "effect" in the context of "positive effect on wages" is:1) a phenomenon that
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:11) a general category of
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "country" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nationThis definition is
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shortage" in the given sentence is:2) an acute ins
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complementarities" in the given context is:2) the interrelation of recipro
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable definition of "arrival" in this context is:2) the act of arriving at a certain placeThis
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable definition of "effect" in this context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rise" among the given options is:5) the amount a salary
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "flow" in the given sentence is:3) the act of flowing or streaming; continuous progression
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "increase" in this context is:4) the amount by which something
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "diversity" in this context is:1) noticeable heterogeneity
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for "creation" in the given sentence is:4) the act of starting something for the first time
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ideas" among the given options is:1) the content of cognition; the main thing
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "proportion" among the given options is:4) the relation between
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "American" in this context is:1) of or relating to the United States of America
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	The most suitable definition of "winners" in this context is:3) a person with a record of successesThis
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Yahoo" is:3) a widely used search engine for the web
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable definition is:1) someone who contributes (or promises to contribute) a sum of moneyThis definition best
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the context of the sentence is:2) a summary of intended expenditures
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Labor" among the options is:2) productive work (especially physical work done for wages
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Organisation" in the given sentence is:1) the persons (or committees
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The correct answer is:3) a time of life (usually defined in years) at which some particular qualification or power arises
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable definition of "contribution" in the given context is:4) an amount of money contributedThis definition
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "receipts" is:2) an acknowledgment (usually
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable definition of "expenditure" in the given sentence is:1) money paid out; an amount spent
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:3) an intermediate scale value
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable definition of "budgets" in this context is:1) a sum of money allocated for a particular purpose
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The correct answer is:3) the commission that is given to a government and its policies through an electoral victoryIn this
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given sentence is:12) a distinct part that can be specified separately
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of Nicolas Sarkozy's statement is:3
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "question" in the given sentence is:4) uncertainty about the truth or
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "effect" in the given sentence is:3) an outward appearanceIn
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pound" in the sentence is:2) the basic unit of
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable definition of "trouble" in the given context is:1) a source of difficultyThis definition best
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable definition of "uproar" in this context is:1) a state of commotion and noise and confusion
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the given sentence is:2) the basic unit of money in Great
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:3) the country or state or
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "industry" in the given sentence is:1) the people or companies
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "giant" in the given sentence is:3) an unusually large
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries; equal to
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "disputes" in the given sentence is:1) a disagreement
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bankruptcy" in the given context is:3) a legal process
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:6) the income or profit arising from such transactions
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "sale" in the given sentence is:5) an agreement (or contract) in which property
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regulator" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "string" in the given sentence is:4) a sequentially ordered set
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "promises" in this context is:1) a verbal commitment by one person to another
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "value" in the sentence "The value of the securities dropped dramatically during the financial crisis and brought
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that documents a fact
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crisis" in the given sentence is:1) an unstable situation
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in dispute and must
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "New York" in the given sentence is:1) the largest city
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "settlement" in the given sentence is:3) a conclusive resolution of a matter and disposition
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit in many countries
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "responsiveness" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being responsive
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in this context is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bankruptcies" in the context of the sentence is:2)
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deposits" in the context of the sentence is:4) money deposited in a
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "compensation" in the given sentence is:1) something (such as money) given
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "billions" in the given sentence is:1) the number that
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "settlements" in the sentence "The current settlements are the first of their kind
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "regulator" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible for
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "summer" in the given context is:1) the warmest season of the year;
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable definition of "fate" in the given sentence is:3) your overall circumstances or condition in life (
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "number" in the given sentence is:10) the grammatical category for the forms of nouns
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct businessThis definition
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "height" in the given sentence is:2) the highest level or
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crisis" in the given context is:1) an unstable situation of extreme
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banks" in the sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wind" in the given sentence is:1) air moving (sometimes
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regulators" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "number" among the given options is:10) the grammatical category
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "claims" that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:3)
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:1) something (such as money) given
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "misconduct" in the given sentence is:2) activity that trans
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wave" in the given sentence is:2) a movement like that of a sudden occurrence
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as rightful or due
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "value" in the given sentence is:3) the amount (of
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:1) the basic monetary unit
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "regulator" in this context is:2) an official responsible for control and supervision of a
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:2) a financial institution that
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "responsibility" in the given sentence is:3) a form of
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sum" in the given sentence is:1) a quantity of money
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the sentence is:3) demand for something as rightful
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "intention" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is intended or
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the sentence is:3) demand for something as rightful
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information (
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "Assessment" in the given sentence is:4) the act of judging or assessing a person
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "explains" in the given sentence is:3) serve as a
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "Committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "Products" in this context is:1) commodities offered for saleThis definition fits the context
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Human" in the given sentence is:2) relating to a person
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "use" in this context is:2) what something is used forIn this sentence
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature, quality
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studies" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "performed" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reach" in the given sentence is:6) to extend as far asThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) something (as a course of action)
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "use" in this context is:5) avail oneself toThis definition implies that someone or
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "need" in the given sentence is:3) have or feel a
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of'much' used
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medical" in the given sentence is:2) requiring or amenable to
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "condition" in the given sentence is:6) an illness, disease
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "read" among the given options for the context of the sentence is:3) look at
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable definition is:3) a small book usually having a paper coverIn this context, "leaflet" is
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" among the given options is:9) one of the portions into which something is
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contact" in the given sentence is:1) be in or establish
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "basis" in this context is:2) the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in this context is:1) something (as a course of action)
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the given sentence is:3) look at, interpret, and say out
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Discussion" in the given context is:1) an extended communication (often
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "powder" in the given sentence is:3) any of various cosmetic or medical preparations
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "solution" in the given context is:1) a homogeneous mixture of
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "infusion" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "drip" in this context is:2) let or cause to fall in drops
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "vein" from the given options is:1) a blood vessel that carries blood from
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain;
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "active" in the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemet
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition of "used" in the sentence "What is Alimta used for?" is:1) put
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treat" in the given sentence is:2) subject to a
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "types" in the sentence is:3) (biology) the tax
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "lining" in the context of the sentence is:1) a protective covering
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "caused" in the given sentence is:1) give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition of "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ for
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" is:1) any malignant growth or tumor caused by
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "remove" in the given context is:1) remove something concrete, as
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "surgery" is:4) a medical procedure involving an incision with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "alone" in the given context is:3) exclusive of anyone or anything elseThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable definition of "spread" among the given options is:6) become widely known and passed onThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable definition for "likely" in this context is:2) likely but not certain to be or become true or
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "spread" in the given sentence is:8) move outwardThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for "easily" in this context is:3) indicating high probability; in all likelihood.In
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:1) not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "parts" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into which something is regarded
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "body" in the context of the sentence is:1) the entire structure
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" is:1) a person who requires medical careThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicines" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable definition of "advanced" in the context of the sentence is:2) comparatively late in a course of development
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "affecting" in the given sentence is:5) have an
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the given sentence is:3) use up, consume fullyThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The correct definition is:1) a person who requires medical careThe sentence is referring to individuals who are receiving treatment,
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The correct answer is:2) subject to a process or treatment, with the aim of readying for some purpose, improving
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given context is:1) a subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "only" in the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a prescription
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obtained" in the given sentence is:1) come into possession ofThis
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prescription" in the given sentence is:4) written instructions from
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	Based on the context of the sentence "How is Alimta used?", I would choose definition 1) put into service
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "only" in the sentence is:5) except thatThe sentence implies that
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" among the given options is:3) transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of using
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The correct answer is:2) the quantity of an active agent (substance or radiation) taken in or absorbed at any
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The correct answer is:1) one thousandth (1/1,000) gramThe abbreviation "mg" stands
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The correct answer is:1) make a mathematical calculation or computationThe word "calculated" in the sentence "cal
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:3) use up, consume fullyIn this context
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for "patient" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical care.The sentence
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable definition for "height" in the given sentence is:3) (of a standing person) the distance from
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "weight" in the given sentence is:1) the vertical force exert
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "given" in the context of the sentence "It is given once every three weeks as an
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasion
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "every" in the given sentence is:2) each and all of a series of
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine) the passive
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lasting" in the given sentence is:1) persist for a specified
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reduce" in the given sentence is:16) reduce in scope while
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "side effects" in the given context is:1) a secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" is:1) a person who requires medical care.This
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "type" in the sentence is:1) a subdivision of a particular kind
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "injections" in the given sentence is:3) the act of putting
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable definition of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "given" among the options is:13) bring aboutThis definition matches the context of
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for "prevent" in this context is:2) stop (someone or something) from doing something or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fluids" in the context of the sentence is:2) continuous
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "prevent" that identifies the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The correct definition of "dehydration" from the given options is:2) depletion of bodily fluids.This definition accurately describes
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "given" in the context of the sentence is:19) give (as medicine
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "before" in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time;
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "after" is:1) happening at a time subsequent to a reference time
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "dose" in the context of medicine is:2) the quantity of
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "delayed" in the given sentence is:2) act later than
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discontinued" in the given sentence is:1) put an end
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dose" in the given sentence is:2) the quantity of
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reduced" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:19) lessen the strength
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The correct answer is:1) the number of red and white corpuscles in a blood sampleThis definition directly refers to
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "abnormal" in the given context is:1) not normal; not typical or usual
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:12) suffer from; be ill withThis
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:3) established beyond doubt or question; definitely known
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:4) very unusual; different
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side effects" is:1) a secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) the act of using
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the sentence is:1) a person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "moderate" in the context of "moderate or severe kidney problems
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "severe" in the given context is:6) very bad in
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "problems" in the given sentence is:3) a source of difficulty
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `much
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in this context is:1) perceive by sight or have the power to perceive
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Product" in the context of the given sentence is:1) commodities
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "active" in the given sentence is:3) disposed to take action or effectuate change.
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a particular
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the context of the sentence is:3) the learned profession
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" is:3) the learned profession that is mastered by graduate
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "kills" in the context of the sentence is:9) deprive
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the context of biology and medicine is:2) (
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "dividing" in the context of the sentence is:2) perform a divisionIn this
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:1) the entire structure of an
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "converted" in the given sentence is:11) change in nature, purpose,
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable definition of "active" in the given sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing a change or effect
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "form" in the context of the sentence is:11) a particular mode in which something is
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "blocks" in the given context is:2) hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "involved" in this context is:1) connected by participation or association or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "producing" in the given sentence is:3) cause to happen, occur or exist
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable definition of "building blocks" in this context is:1) a single undivided natural thing occurring in
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in this context is:2) of or relating to or produced by or being
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable definition for "material" in the given sentence is:4) things needed for doing or making somethingIn
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" among the given options is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "studied" to identify the meaning in the sentence "How has Alimta been studied
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable definition of "studied" in this context is:1) consider in detail and subject to an analysis in
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition of "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important elementIn the context of the
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable definition of "study" from the given options that best matches the context of the sentence is:3) a
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "before" in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time;
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "effects" in the given sentence is:6) a symptom caused by an illness or a drug
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (biology
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "effects" in the given sentence is:6) a symptom caused by
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable definition is:1) examine and note the similarities or differences of"Compared" means to examine and
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:3) the learned profession that is
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "study" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The correct answer is:2) engage as a participantThe word "involving" in the sentence means to take
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable definition of "locally" in this context is:2) to a restricted area of the bodyThis
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "advanced" in the context of "locally advanced or metastatic disease" is:
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:3) a verb tense that
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" is:1) examine and note the similarities or differences ofThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something that
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "involving" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "patients" in this context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable definition of "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important elementThis definition implies that "
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the context of the sentence is:4) the act or process of assigning
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "long" in the given context is:1) for an extended time or at
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "patients" is:1) a person who requires medical care.
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survived" in the context of the sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "benefit" in the given context is:2) something that aids or promotes well
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the context of "What benefit has Alimta shown during the studies?"
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:2) applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The correct answer is:2) make bigger or moreThe word "increased" means to make something bigger or more
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "survival" in the context of the sentence is:1) a state of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a resource under
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survived" in the given sentence is:2) continue in
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:3) an intermediate scale value
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The correct answer is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.The sentence states that patients received an average
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:2) be comparableThe sentence states that
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "months" in this context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "patients" in the sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable definition of "effective" in the given sentence is:3) works well as a means or remedyThis
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition is:1) a person who requires medical care.This definition directly relates to the context of the sentence
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable definition for "average" in the given sentence is:5) relating to or constituting the most frequent value
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable definition of "months" in this context is:2) a time unit of approximately 30 days.This
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The correct answer is: 1) examine and note the similarities or differences of.The sentence uses "compared" to
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	Based on the context, the most suitable definition of "months" is:1) one of the twelve divisions of the calendar
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:5) relating to or constit
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "groups" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "However" in this sentence is:2) by contrast; on the other hand
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" is:3) a written document describing the findings of some individual or group
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "affecting" in the given sentence is:1) have an
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "longer" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense;
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the sentence is:1) a state of surviving
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable definition of "times" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a resource under
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable definition for "contrast" in this sentence is:2) the act of distinguishing by comparing differencesThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "affecting" in this context is:1) have an effect uponIn
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shorter" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "survival" in this context is:1) a state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable definition for "times" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as a resource under
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "capable" in the given sentence is:5) have the skills
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the given sentence is:3) make or cause to be or to become
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:2) easy and not involved
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the given sentence is:4) (computer science) data processing in which
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "3D" in the given sentence is:2) having a three
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The correct answer is:4) as a sentence modifier to add slight emphasis.The word "actually" is an adverb
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "necessary" in the given sentence is:2) unavoidably determined by prior circumstances
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know Math
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "use" in the sentence is:4) seek or achieve an end
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The correct answer is:4) at the present momentThis definition best fits the context of the sentence, as "now
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "little" in the given sentence is:2) (quantifier used with mass nouns)
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) of or
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the sentence is:1) most important elementIn this
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "window" in the context of the sentence is:8) (computer
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:1
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "window" is:7) an opening in a wall or screen that
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "main" in the context of the sentence is:1) most important elementIn this sentence
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition of "window" in this context is:8) (computer science) a rectangular part of a computer
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "consists" in the given sentence is:4) be composed of
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Console" in the given context is:2) a scientific instrument consisting of displays and an
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "3D" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Below" in the given sentence is:1) in or to a
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "find" is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "input" among the given options is:1) signal going into an electronic systemThis
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:2) identify as belonging to
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "functions" among the given options is:3) the actions and activities
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" is:2) carry out or perform an actionThis definition accurately captures the
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "calculations" in the given sentence is:1) the procedure of calculating
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "understand" in the given sentence is:1) know and comprehend the
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "works" in the given sentence is:9) proceed towards a goal or along
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative and superlative
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thing" in the given sentence is:12) a separate and self
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "do" in the given sentence is:3) get (something) done
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:1) be fully aware or cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "input" in this context is:1) signal going into an electronic system
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the given sentence is:9) make (someone) agree, understand,
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "necessary" in the given sentence is:2) unavoidably determined by prior
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware of a
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for; found on
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the sentence is:1) not easy; requiring great physical or mental effort
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "closely" in the given sentence is:2) in an attentive manner
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in this context is:2) give a certain impression or have a certain outward
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "very" in the given sentence is:1) used as intensifiers
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "similar" in the given sentence is:2) having the same or similar characteristics
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Addition" is:6) the arithmetic operation of summing;
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "subtraction" is:1) an arithmetic operation in which the difference
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "multiplication" is:3) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The correct answer is: 11) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of multiplication; the quotient of two numbers is computed
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Power" among the given options is:5) one possessing or exercising power or
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ for
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "possible" in this context is:1) capable of happening or existing.The
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "powers" among the given options is:5) one possessing or exercising power or influence or authority
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "way" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "roots" in the given sentence is:1) (botany)
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "too" in this context is:2) in additionThe sentence "Powers are
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition of "way" that identifies the meaning of "way" in the context of specifying a bounded variable in
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "specify" in the context of "specify the bounded variable in a function" is:
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "variable" in the context of specifying a bounded variable in a function is
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" is:3) the actions and activities assigned to or required
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "used" among the options is:6) habitually do something (use only in the past
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" is:4) be specific aboutThis definition captures the meaning of "
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the context of specifying a higher priority would be:3) standing above others
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "priority" is:1) status established in order of importance or urgency
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the context of the sentence is:7) a set
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "checks" in the given sentence is:22) verify by consulting a source or authority.This
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "operator" in the context of the sentence is:1) (math
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "treated" in the given sentence is:2) subject to a process
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "operator" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" among the options is:2) subject to a process or treatment, with
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "user" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable definition of a "function" among the given options is:7) a set sequence of steps, part of
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" is:6) habitually do something (use only in the past tense)
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The correct answer is:5) decide upon or fix definitelyThe word "define" means to decide upon or fix the
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "value" among the given options is:3) the amount (of money or goods or
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable definition of "way" in the given sentence is:11) a general category of things; used in the
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "define" among the given options is:2) give a definition for
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conditional" in the given sentence is:2) imposing or depending on
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "operations" in the given sentence is:9) (psychology)
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "introduce" in this context is:5) bring in or establish in a new place or
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:4) seek or achieve an end by
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "true" from the given options is:1) consistent with fact or reality; not false
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for "finds" among the given options is:3) come upon after searching; find the location
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instance" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of "It can be used to define a container" is:
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "define" among the given options is:2) give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "useful" in the given sentence is:1) being of use
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "working" among the given options is:1) exert oneself by doing mental or physical work
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment.This definition fits the
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "ask" in the given context is:5) address a question to and expect an answer from
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "user" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes use of a
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for "easy" in the given sentence is:1) posing no difficulty; requiring little effortThis
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "functions" in the given sentence is:3) the actions and activities
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The correct definition of "cos()" is:1) ratio of the adjacent side to the hypotenuse of a right-
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sin()" is:3) ratio of the length of the side opposite
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable definition of "other" in this context is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality from the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "sum" in this context is:2) a quantity obtained by the addition of a
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "product" in this context is:3) a quantity obtained by multiplicationThis definition directly
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:4) seek or achieve an end by using to one
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "plus()" is:2) the arithmetic operation of summing; calculating the
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The correct answer is:2) an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of division; the product of two numbers is computed
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" is:4) have ownership or possession ofThis definition matches the context of
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition of "operator" from the given options is:1) (mathematics) a symbol or function representing
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "useful" is:1) being of use or
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "there" in the given sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" among the given options that identifies the meaning of "have" in the sentence "
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	Based on the given sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables," the most suitable definition of "list" is
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "variables" in the context of the sentence "There you have a list of the declared
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "see" in the given sentence is:1) perceive by sight or
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lets" in the given sentence is:3) consent to, give
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "change" in the given sentence is:3) become different in some
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "values" in the given sentence is:2) the quality (positive
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in this context is:6) exactly at this moment or the moment described
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:2) how a result is
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "time" is:5) the continuum of experience in which events pass from
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition of "expression" is:6) a group of symbols that make a mathematical statementThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable definition of "variable" is:4) a symbol (like x or y) that is used in mathematical
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a numerical quantity measured or
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "changed" is:2) undergo a change; become different in essence;
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition of "last" in the context of the given sentence is:2) coming after all others in time
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The correct definition is:4) the semantic role of the noun phrase whose referent exists only by virtue of the activity den
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "New" in the context of "Ctrl N New Window" is:9) used of a
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Window" in the context of the sentence "Ctrl N New Window"
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "log" in the sentence "Flushes the log" is:4
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Load" in the sentence "Ctrl L Load Script" is:3) transfer
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Executes" in the context of the sentence is:5) carry out a process or
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instructions" in the context of the sentence "Executes the instructions in
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "file" in the given sentence is:1) a set of related records
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nice" in the given sentence is:5) exhibiting courtesy and polit
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire for; want
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the given sentence is:2) give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "libraries" in the given sentence is:2) a collection of literary
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "resume" is:4) give a summary (of)This definition accurately captures the meaning
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "previous" in the given sentence is:1) just preceding something else
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Save" in the context of the sentence "Ctrl G Save Script" is:11)
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Saves" in the given sentence is:11) record data on a computer
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition of "instructions" from the given options is:1) a message describing how something is to be done
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "typed" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of a keyboard with types
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" among the given options is:6) have a beginning, of a temporal
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "able" among the given options is:2) have the skills and
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Generates" is:1) bring into existenceThis definition accurately describes the meaning of
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "easy" in the context of the sentence "Generates text files so it should
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fix" in this context is:12) make ready or suitable or equip in
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "text editor" in the given context is:2) (computer science
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Save" in the sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:11) record
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Log" in the sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:3
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Saves" in the given sentence is:11) record data on a computer
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:4) the semantic role of
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "able" is:2) have the skills and qualifications to do things
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "print" in this context is:1) put into printThis definition means to make
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "publish" in the given sentence is:3) have (one's
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Quit" in the context of the sentence "Ctrl Q Quit" is:1) put
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "program" in the sentence "Shuts the program down" is:
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "add" in the given sentence is:4) make an addition by
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the sentence is:2) original and of a kind
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "go" in the context of the sentence "To add a new 2D
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence is:4) make an addition by combining numbersThis definition directly relates to the
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "add" in the given sentence is:4) make an addition by
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra,
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Then" is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "focus" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the concentration of
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "input" in the given sentence is:1) signal going into an
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in this context is:4) the main body of a written work (as
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:2) identify as belonging to
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable definition of "function" is:1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation such that each element of a
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in the given sentence is:2) have need ofThis definition implies that you
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the sentence is:1) put into service; make
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "typical" in the given sentence is:3) conforming to a type
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable definition of "necessary" in this context is:2) unavoidably determined by prior circumstancesThis definition implies
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable definition of "specify" in this context is:4) be specific aboutIn this sentence, "
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:7) a set sequence of
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "display" in the context of the sentence is:1) to show, make
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the sentence is:1) most important elementIn
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "window" in the given sentence is:7) an opening in a
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "set" among the given options is:5) put into a certain state;
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "several" in the sentence is:1) (used with count
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:2) closely similar or comparable in kind or
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Just" among the given options is:6) exactly at this moment or the moment described
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable definition of "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or employ for
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Add" in the context of the sentence is:4) make an
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "List" in the given sentence is:1) a database containing an
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mode" in the given sentence is:2) a particular functioning condition
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "set" in the given sentence "You can set each graph its own color"
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "color" in the given sentence is:8) the appearance of objects
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Foundation" in the given sentence is:2) an institution supported by an end
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable definition of "involved" in the given sentence is:2) engage as a participantThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "organising" in the given sentence is:5) arrange by systematic planning and
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dealt" in the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in organising a
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "critical" in the given sentence is:5) forming or having the
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stimulating situationThis definition best
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in this context is:1) someone who takes part in an activityThis
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given sentence is:1) most important elementThis definition accurately describes
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attended" in the given sentence is:1) be present at (meetings
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "debated" in the given sentence is:4) have an argument about somethingThis
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:3) some situation or event that is thought about
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "actors" in this context is:2) a person who acts and gets things done
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "authorities" in this context is:2) (usually plural) persons who exercise (administr
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "voluntary" in the given sentence is:1) of your own
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "community" is:1) a group of people living
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisations" in the given sentence is:2) a group of
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable definition for "service" in the given context is:15) the performance of duties by a waiter or servant
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable definition for "users" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes use of a thing;
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of somethingThis
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition of "reported" in this sentence is:2) announce as the result of an investigation or experience or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attempts" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and conscientious activity
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involve" in this context is:2) engage as a participantThis definition suggests
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "users" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "service" among the given options is:15) the performance of duties by a waiter or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "planning" in the given sentence is:1) an act of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable definition of "involvement" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:3) a sense of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "service" in the given sentence is:15) the performance of duties
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "provision" in the given sentence is:2) the activity of supplying or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:2) discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to a greater
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable definition for "common" in the given sentence is:2) having no special distinction or quality; widely known
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the context of the sentence is:5) a category of things distinguished
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "different" in the given sentence is:4) marked by dissim
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "played" in the sentence is:4) play a role or part
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open to or
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "welfare" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in this context is:2) an institution supported by an endowmentThis
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "Commission" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:5) a group of representatives or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department under
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "social" in this context is:1) relating to human society and its membersThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "affairs" is:2) transactions of professional or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "regional" in the given sentence is:2) related or limited
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable definition of "government" in this context is:1) the organization that is the governing authority of a political
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "exclusion" in this context is:1) the state of being excludedThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "major" in the given sentence is:2) greater in scope or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable definition for the word "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stimulating situationIn
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for the word "public" in this context is:1) not private; open to or concerning the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable definition of "welfare" in this context is:2) something that aids or promotes well-beingThis
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in this context is:2) an institution supported by an endowmentThis
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "published" in the given sentence is:2) prepare and issue for public
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "comparative" in the given sentence is:1) relating to
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:4) that which concerns a person with regard to a
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "assesses" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature,
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "direct" in the context of the sentence is:3) straightforward in means or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "participation" in the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "increasing" in the given sentence is:1) become bigger or greater
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition of "personal" in this context is:2) particular to a given individualThis definition best describes
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) the questioning of a person (or a conversation in which information is elicited); often
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "senior" in this context is:1) older; higher in rank; longer in
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "officials" in the given sentence is:1) a worker who holds
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to a
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable definition of "level" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:2) a relative position or degree
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisations" in the given sentence is:1) the persons (
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:2) the territory occupied by a nationThis definition is
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:1) of great significance or valueThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "industrial" in this context is:1) of or relating to or resulting from industry
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" among the given options is:2) a social group that forms part of
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "metal" in the given sentence is:1) any of several chemical
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "industry" in the given context is:2) the organized action of making of
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable definition for "banking" in the given sentence is:1) engaging in the business of keeping money for
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sector" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "included" in the given sentence is:3) add as part of something
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speakers" in the given sentence is:1) someone who expresses
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "exclusion" from the given options that identifies the meaning used in the sentence is:4
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for the sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of information or discussion (
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "left" in the given context is:2) those who support varying
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "right" in the given context is:7) anything in accord with
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable definition for "Industrial" in this context is:2) having highly developed industriesThis definition best fits the
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Commission" in the given sentence is:5) a group of representatives
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the context of the sentence is:3) standing above others in quality or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable definition of "Committee" from the given options is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matter
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Member" in the context of the sentence is:1) one of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable definition of "Parliament" in this context is:1) a legislative assembly in certain countriesThe context
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The correct answer is:1) a legislative assembly in certain countriesThe word "Parliament" in the sentence refers to
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Economic" in the context of the sentence is:1) of or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Social" in the context of the sentence is:1) relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable definition for "Committee" in this context is:1) a special group delegated to consider some matter.
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition is:1) a careful study of some social unit (as a corporation or division within a corporation)
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) concerned with or applicable
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contains" in the given sentence is:2) contain or hold; have within
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition of "present" in the given sentence is:8) deliver (a speech, oration, or
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policies" in the given sentence is:2) a line of
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "practices" in the given sentence is:5) knowledge of how something
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "improve" in the given sentence is:1) to make better
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	Based on the given context, the most suitable definition of "training" is:1) activity leading to skilled behaviorThis
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given context is:2) a process in which
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable definition of "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "community" from the given options is:1) a group of people living in a particular
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	Based on the sentence provided, the most suitable definition is:1) a careful study of some social unit (as a corporation
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case studies" in the given sentence is:1) a careful study of some social unit
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "analysed" in this context is:1) consider in detail and subject to an
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "background" in the given sentence is:3) information that is essential to understanding a situation or
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "impact" in the given sentence is:2) a forceful consequence; a
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "employment" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition of "work" among the given options is:3) the occupation for which you are paidThis
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisations" is:2) a group of people who work together
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "assessed" in the sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature,
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "benefits" in the given sentence is:2) something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "problems" among the options is:1) a state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Visits" in the given sentence is:4) the act of going to see some
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning of a person
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:6) a branch of knowledgeThis definition fits
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given sentence is:4) give shape or form toThis definition implies
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in this context is:2) the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "overall" among the given options is:2) including everythingThis definition best captures the
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable definition for "practices" in this context is:5) knowledge of how something is usually doneIn
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in this context is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition of "published" in this context is:2) prepare and issue for public distribution or saleThis
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staged" in the given context is:2) plan, organize, and carry out
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:2) an institution supported by an endowmentThis
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "aims" in the given sentence is:5) intend (something)
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:1) record in detail
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "characteristics" in the given sentence is:1) a prominent attribute or aspect
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "job" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in this context is:1) activity leading to skilled behaviorThis definition implies
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "analyse" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition for "causes" in the given sentence is:4) any entity that produces an effect or is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "perspectives" in the given sentence is:1) a way of
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:1) relating to human society
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable definition of "particular" in the given sentence is:2) separate and distinct from others of the same
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the given sentence is:1) the process whereby a person concentrates on some
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paid" in the sentence "with particular attention paid to proposals for removing age barriers" is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "proposals" in the given sentence is:1) something proposed (such as
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable definition for "removing" in the context of the sentence is:5) shift the position or location of
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "assesses" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable definition of "private" in the given sentence is:1) confined to particular persons or groups or providing privacy
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable definition of "barriers" in the given sentence is:2) any condition that makes it difficult to make
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable definition of "especially" in this context is:1) to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "older" in the given sentence is:1) advanced in years; (`
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable definition of "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Seeking" in the given sentence is:3) make an effort
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "early" in the given sentence is:1) at or near the beginning of a
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "retirement" in the given sentence is:1) the state of
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "redundancy" in the given sentence is:2) the attribute of being super
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "concerned" in the given sentence is:2) involved in or
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition of "retention" in this context is:2) the power of retaining and recalling past experience
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	The most suitable definition of "older" in this context is:1) advanced in years; (`aged' is pronounced as
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "gender" is:2) the properties that distinguish organisms on the basis
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ethnic" is:1) denoting or deriving from or distinctive of
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backgrounds" in the given context is:3) information that is essential to understanding a
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "relate" in this context is:4) be in a relationship withThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" among the given options is:3) a time of life
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discrimination" in the given sentence is:1) unfair treatment
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "examined" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considers" in the given sentence is:4) show consideration for; take into account
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable definition of "discrimination" from the given options is:1) unfair treatment of a person or group
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "small" in the given sentence is:9) not large but sufficient
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable definition of "enterprises" is:2) an organization created for business venturesThis definition directly refers to
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "member" in the given sentence is:4) an organization that is
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "covered" in the context of the sentence "Seven member states are covered by the project"
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:1) writing that provides information
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open to
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Assessment" in the given sentence is:4) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "Report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "explains" in the given sentence is:3) serve as a
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "products" in the given sentence is:1) commodities offered for sale
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable definition of "use" in the given sentence is:2) what something is used forIn the context
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "assessed" in the given sentence is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature, quality,
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "performed" in the given sentence is:1) carry out or
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reach" in the given sentence is:2) reach a point in
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) something (as a course of
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain; have as a
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "active" in the sentence is:6) exerting influence or producing
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "substance" in the given sentence is:4) material of a
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "available" in the sentence is:1) obtainable or accessible and ready
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the context of the sentence is:3) a small flat
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "solution" in the given sentence is:1) a homogeneous mixture of two
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "injection" in the context of the sentence is:3) the
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:2) a number of sheets of paper fastened
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for "have" in the sentence is:1) have or possess, either in a concrete or an
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "score" in the context of the sentence is:8) a slight surface cut (especially a
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the given sentence is:4) a length (straight or curved) without
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "sides" among the given options is:3) either the left or right half of a
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or degree
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the given sentence is:4) a dose of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "marked" in the context of the sentence is:3) having or as if having an
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the given context is:4) a surface forming part of the outside of
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for "letters" in this context is:2) the conventional characters of the alphabet used to represent speech
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "quantity" is:1) how much there is or
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The correct definition that best identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:4) very unusual; different in
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable definition of "side" in the context of the sentence is:4) a surface forming part of the outside
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "What is Cerenia used for?" is:
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "means" in the sentence is:4) have in mind as a
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "stops" in the context of "Cerenia stops vomiting" is:
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service;
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:2) stop (someone or
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "caused" in the given sentence is:1) give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medicines" is:2) (medicine) something that treats or
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "used" in the given sentence is:3) use up, consume fullyThis
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "cause" in the given sentence is:1) give rise to; cause to
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "measures" in the given sentence is:8) measuring instrument having
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "special" in the given sentence is:4) adapted to or reserved
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "diet" in the given sentence is:3) the usual food and
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "used" in the given sentence is:5) avail oneself toThe sentence
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable definition for "followed" in the given sentence is:6) come after in time, as a result
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The correct definition of "tablets" in this context is:4) a dose of medicine in the form of a small
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that is intended or
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "given" among the provided options is:3) transfer possession of something concrete or abstract to
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "days" in the context of "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "receptor" in the given sentence is:1) a cellular structure that
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "acts" in the context of the sentence is:3) play a
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studied" in the given sentence is:1) consider in detail
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "carried out" in this context is:2) pursue to a conclusion or bring to
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) a workplace for the conduct of scientific researchThis definition accurately describes the context in which
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The correct definition is:1) (used with count nouns) of an indefinite number more than 2 or 3 but
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "benefit" that identifies the meaning of "benefit" in the sentence is:2
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during the
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:4) the semantic role of
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in this context is:3) a written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of something, as
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	The correct answer is:2) comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent.The sentence states that "Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "effective" in the given sentence is:3) works well as a
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable definition is:1) an innocuous or inert medication; given as a pacifier or to the control group
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the given context is:9) find out, learn, or determine with
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "dogs" in this context is:1) a member of the genus Canis (probably descended
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something that
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable definition of "placebo" in this context is:1) an innocuous or inert medication; given as
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or steps in carrying
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "injection" in this context is:3) the act of putting a liquid into the
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "able" in the given sentence is:3) having inherent physical or
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) a small flat compressed cake of
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intact" in the given sentence is:4) undamaged in
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the given sentence is:4) a dose of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "follow-up" in the context of the sentence is:3) a subsequent examination
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "owner" in the given sentence is:2) a person who owns something
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "administer" in the given sentence is:4) give or apply
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "tablets" in the given sentence is:4) a dose of medicine in the form of
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dog" is:1) a member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The correct answer is:5) except thatThe word "only" in this context means "except that" or "
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "measure" in the given sentence is:9) a container of some standard capacity that
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:4) very unusual; different in character or quality
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "addressing" in the given sentence is:5) address or apply oneself to something
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "underlying" in the given sentence is:1) in the nature of something
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "causes" in the given sentence is:4) any entity that
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "risk" in the context of "Cerenia" is:1
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in this context is:3) without regard to specific details or exceptions
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:1) (often used as a combining form)
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The correct answer is:3) have a tolerance for a poison or strong drug or pathogen or environmental conditionIn this
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "administered" in the given context is:4) give or apply (medications)
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "daily" in this context is:1) every day; without missing a dayThis
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The correct definition of "dosages" in the given sentence is:1) the quantity of an active agent (substance
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The correct answer is:2) the quantity of an active agent (substance or radiation) taken in or absorbed at any
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extended" in the given sentence is:4) beyond the literal or primary senseIn
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The correct answer is: 1) the period of time during which something continues.This definition best fits the context of the
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "precautions" in the given sentence is:3) judicious
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "person" in this context is:1) a human beingThis definition is the most relevant
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	Based on the context of the sentence "What are the precautions for the person who gives the medicine or comes into contact with the
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) something that
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "contact" in the given context is:3) the state or condition of touching or of being
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "represent" in the given sentence is:3) be representative or typical
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "particular" that best fits the context of the sentence is:2) separate and distinct
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "risk" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:1) a source of danger
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the sentence is:1) (plural) any group of
