senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "art" in the sentence "The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "peculiar" in the given sentence is:1) Characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:3) The people of England
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) The superlative of `much'
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "English" in the sentence "The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "peculiarities" in the given sentence is:2) An odd
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "unintelligible" in the given sentence is:1) Not
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rest" in the sentence "The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "world" in the sentence "The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "scenes" in the given sentence is:9) The visual percept
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evoke" in the given sentence is:1) Call forth (emotions, feelings
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loveliest" in the given sentence is:2) Appealing to the emotions as
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ancient" in the given sentence is:1) Very oldThe sentence describes a
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "stone" in the given sentence is:7) Building material consisting of
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stands" in the given sentence is:12) Occupy a place or location
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:12) Extensive tract of level open land
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:4) The particular auditory effect
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cascading" in the given sentence is:1) Rush down in big quantities,
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than its diameter;
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calling" in the given sentence is:20) **Order, request, or
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "faithful" in the given sentence is:1) A group
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evensong" in the given sentence is:2) (Anglican Church)
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stop" in the sentence "The parishioners of St. Michael and All Angels stop
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "door" in the given sentence is:4) The entrance (the
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons who compose a social
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the sentence "The parishioners of St. Michael and All Angels stop
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "always" in the sentence "The parishioners of St. Michael
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than its diameter;
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is male (
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pull" in the given sentence is:11) Cause to move in a certain direction
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:2) A strong lineThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:3) Same in identityThis definition best captures
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:2) Before another in time, space, or
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounded" in the given sentence is:1) Make a certain noise or sound
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place; where the
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "discordant" in the given sentence is:1) Not in
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "note" in the given sentence is:5) A notation representing the pitch and duration of
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enjoying" in the given sentence is:3) Derive or receive pleasure from
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cool" in the given sentence is:6) Neither warm nor very
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) The superlative of `much'
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "churches" in the given sentence is:4) A place for
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sets" in the given sentence is:17) A group of things of the same
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) At a previous time;This definition best
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) First day of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "morning" in the given sentence is:4) The time period
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:13) The act of public worship following prescribed
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Now" in the sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains: 64
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains: 64
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains : 64
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the given sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains : 6
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in the sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains: 6
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is:1) In
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "today" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is:4) In
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "including" in the given sentence is:3) Add as part of something else; put
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "training" in the given sentence is:2) The activities of educ
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drive" in the given sentence is:**19) Hit very hard, as by
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) First day of the
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effort" in the given sentence is:4) Use of physical or mental energy;
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keep" in the given sentence is:9) Continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sounding" in the given sentence is:1) Make a certain
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:3) In fact (used as intensifiers or
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:16) A service conducted in a house of
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than its diameter;
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrape" in the given sentence is:2) Cut the surface of; wear away
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worker" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at a specific occupation
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the given sentence is:6) Make an effort or attemptThe
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "train" in the given sentence is:2) Teach and supervise (someone
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discos" in the given sentence is:1) Popular dance music (especially in the
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dances" in the given sentence is:2) Taking a series of rhythmical steps
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "just" in the sentence "We've tried to train the youngsters
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drift" in the given sentence is:9) **Wander from a direct course
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "away" in the given sentence is:11) Out of the way (especially away
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worries" in the given sentence is:4) Disturb the peace of mind of
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "youth" in the given sentence is:3) Early maturity;
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ranks" in the given sentence is:1) The body of members of an organization
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people who work together
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keeps" in the given sentence is:19) Look after; be the keeper
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "History" in the sentence "History, after all, is not on
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the sentence "History, after all, is not on his side" is
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survey" in the given sentence is:4) A form containing a set of questions
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the sentence "According to a nationwide survey taken a year ago" is
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "no" in the sentence is:1) Not in any degree or
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rung" in the given sentence is:6) Make (bells) ring,
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sundays" in the given sentence is:1) First day of the week;
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ring" in the given sentence is:6) Make (bells) ring, often
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art is on
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art is on the
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ancient" in the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art is on
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "art" in the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:1) Used to form the
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "version" in the given sentence is:6) Something a little different
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "playing" in the given sentence is:26) Perform music on (a musical
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tunes" in the given sentence is:3) A succession of
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "continental" in the given sentence is:1) Of or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Europe" in the given sentence is:2) The nations of the
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considered" in the given sentence is:6) Deem to beThis definition
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:3) The people of England
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fit" in the given sentence is:4) (usually followed by 'to' or
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "The less complicated version of playing tunes on
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "foreigners" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:3) The people of England
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invented" in the given sentence is:2) Come up with (an idea
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "requires" in the given sentence is:3) Have need of
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "physical" in the given sentence is:4) Involving the body
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "weigh" in the sentence "Change-ringing, a mind-b
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "intense" in the given sentence is:2) Possessing or
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mental" in the given sentence is:1) Involving the mind
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "concentration" in the given sentence is:3) Great and constant
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is:16) A partsong in which voices
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "highest-pitched" in the given sentence is:2) Used
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bell" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument consisting
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "lowest" in the given sentence is:9) Used of sounds
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:6) Having few parts;
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "scale" in the given sentence is:11) (music)
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "churches" in the given sentence is:4) A place for
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signal" in the given sentence is:1) Any nonverbal action or gesture that
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:11) Take the first step or steps in
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "varying" in the given sentence is:1) Become different in some particular way
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "order" in the given sentence is:15) Established customary state (especially of
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the given sentence is:1) Make a certain noise or soundThis
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altering" in the given sentence is:2) Become different in some particular way
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "steady" in the given sentence is:3) Not subject to change
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rhythm" in the given sentence is:4) Recurring at
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striking" in the given sentence is:2) The act of contacting one thing
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variation" in the given sentence is:5) Something a little different from others of
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occur" in the given sentence is:1) Happen, occur, or be
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "Each variation, or change, can occur
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:2) On one occasionThis definition best fits
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the sentence "Each variation, or change, can occur only once, the
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "methods" in the context of the sentence is:4) A way
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "names" in the given sentence is:6) A language unit by
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "series" in the given sentence is:8) Similar things placed in order or happening one
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes" in the sentence "A series of 5,000 or so
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "about" in the sentence "A series of 5,00
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hours" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "look" in the given sentence is:1) The act of directing
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:1) The time after sunset
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practice" in the given sentence is:7) A practice session in preparation for a
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gives" in the sentence "A look at a Thursday night practice at St. Mary
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:10) Use of physical or mental energy;
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stand" in the given sentence is:12) Occupy a place or location,
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circle" in the given sentence is:3) Ellipse in which the two axes are
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "foot" in the given sentence is:11) The part of the leg of a
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ahead" in the given sentence is:3) In a forward directionThis definition
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stance" in the given sentence is:1) Standing postureThe sentence describes the physical
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pulling" in the given sentence is:11) Cause to move in a certain
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rope" in the given sentence is:2) A strong lineThis definition fits the
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:3) Limited in size or scopeThis definition
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hole" in the given sentence is:5) An opening into or through somethingThis
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given sentence is:6) (literal meaning) being at or
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) The overhead upper surface of a covered
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in the given sentence is:2) An area within a building enclosed by
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaks" in the given sentence is:2) Express in speechThe sentence implies
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:2) A strong lineThe sentence describes
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seems" in the sentence "No one speaks, and the sn
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "No one speaks, and the snaking of the ropes seems
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sound" in the sentence "No one speaks, and the snaking
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muffled" in the given sentence is:1) Deaden (a sound or
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) The overhead upper surface of a covered
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "absorbed" in the given sentence is:1) Giving or marked by complete attention
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stare" in the given sentence is:1) Fixate one's eyesThis
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "straight" in the given sentence is:2) In a straight line; in a
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ahead" in the sentence "Totally absorbed, the ringers
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the sentence "using peripheral vision (they call it 'rope-sight')
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "call" in the given sentence is:27) Order, summon, or request for
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watch" in the given sentence is:1) Follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:2) A strong lineIn the context
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thus" in the given sentence is:2) (used to introduce a logical conclusion)
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:2) Adjust so that a force is applied and
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pulls" in the given sentence is:5) The act of pulling; applying force
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Far" in the given sentence is:4) At or to or from a great distance
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in the given sentence is:1) In or to a place that is higher
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bronze" in the given sentence is:1) Made from or
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mounted" in the given sentence is:1) Attach to a supportIn the
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wheels" in the given sentence is:5) A simple machine consisting of a
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the given sentence is:6) Change direction with a swinging motion;
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "madly" in the given sentence is:2) In an uncontrolled mannerThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "full" in the sentence "Far above in the belfry,
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "degrees" in the given sentence is:6) A measure for
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "starting" in the given sentence is:5) **Begin or set in motion**This
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ending" in the given sentence is:3) Be the end of; be the last
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inverted" in the given sentence is:2) Being in such a position that top
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "position" in the given sentence is:10) The spatial property
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retard" in the context of the sentence is:3) Cause to move more slowly
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the given sentence is:1) Changing location by moving back and forth
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:4) (used to introduce a logical conclusion)
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bell" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument consisting
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swap" in the given sentence is:2) Exchange or give (something) in exchange
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "places" in the given sentence is:14) Proper or appropriate position or location
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well-known" in the given sentence is:1) Widely or fully knownThis
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "involving" in the given sentence is:4) Contain
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:1) Of or relating to
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given sentence is:2) To give an account or representation of
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "passion" in the given sentence is:4) A strong feeling
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the given sentence is:1) **Receive a specified treatment (abstract
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "satisfaction" in the given sentence is:5) The contentment one feels when
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) Of or
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "completeness" in the given sentence is:1) The state
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mechanical" in the given sentence is:1) Relating to
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "perfection" in the given sentence is:2) An ideal instance
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "added" in the given sentence is:2) State or say furtherIn the context
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filled" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by 'with' or
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solemn" in the given sentence is:2) Dignified and somber in
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comes" in the sentence "Ringers, she added, are `` filled with the solemn
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:1) The prescribed procedure for conducting religious ceremonies
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "performed" in the given sentence is:1) Carry out
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "become" in the sentence "Ringing does become a bit of
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obsession" in the given sentence is:3) An unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "admits" in the given sentence is:4) Declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "master" in the given sentence is:8) Directs the work
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `good')
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "female" in the given sentence is:2) For or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passion" in the given sentence is:4) A strong feeling or emotionThe
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stays" in the sentence "It is a passion that usually stays in the tower,
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than its diameter;
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the sentence "It is a passion that usually stays in the tower,
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the sentence "More often than not" is:2) Comparative of much
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "often" in the sentence "More often than not, ringers think
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think of" in the given sentence is:2) Take into consideration, have in view
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the sentence "More often than not, ringers think of the church as
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completed" in the given sentence is:2) Pursue to a conclusion or bring
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worked up" in the given sentence is:4) Bolster or strengthenIn
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sweat" in the given sentence is:4) Use of
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or instancesThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skip" in the given sentence is:1) Leave suddenlyThe sentence implies that the
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leaving" in the given sentence is:15) Go away or leaveThis
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "worship" in the given sentence is:3) A system of
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "below" in the given sentence is:4) In or to a place that is lower
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the sentence "This does not sit well with some clerics" is:
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "membership" in the given sentence is:1) The body of members of an organization
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steadily" in the given sentence is:1) In a steady mannerThis definition
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicars" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England) a cl
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressing" in the given sentence is:13) Ask for or request earnestly
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equally" in the given sentence is:2) To the same degree (often followed
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attend" in the given sentence is:7) Be present at (meetings
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "services" in the given sentence is:16) A service conducted in a house of
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence "Two years ago, the Rev. Jeremy Hummerstone,
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by 'that') to
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "attend" in the given sentence is:7) Be present at
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:13) The act of public worship following prescribed
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sacked" in the given sentence is:1) Terminate the employment of; discharge
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "entire" in the given sentence is:2) Constituting the
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promptly" in the given sentence is:1) With little or no delayThis
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "protest" in the given sentence is:3) The act of
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "club" in the given sentence is:9) A formal association of people with similar interests
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the given sentence is:4) Regard or consider in a specific way
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than its diameter;
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:2) An approximate definition or exampleIn the
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "separate" in the given sentence is:3) Independent; not united or joint
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the sentence "An entirely new band rings today at Great Torrington, several
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "today" in the sentence "An entirely new band rings today at Great
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the sentence "An entirely new band rings today at Great Torrington, several
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) A group of people who adhere
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "still" in the sentence "But there still are not enough ringers
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ring" in the given sentence is:6) Make (bells) ring, often
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the sentence "But there still are not enough ring
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the sentence "At St. Mary's Church in
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "silent" in the given sentence is:4) Marked by
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "following" in the sentence "At St. Mary's Church in Ilminster, Somerset,
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England) a cl
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "refuses" in the given sentence is:5) Show unwillingness towardsThis definition
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talk about" in the given sentence is:1) Discuss or mentionThis definition
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England) a cl
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feels" in the given sentence is:1) Come to believe on the basis of
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fault" in the given sentence is:5) An imperfection in an object or
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:1) Nearest in space or position; immediately
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altar" in the given sentence is:2) The table in Christian churches where communion is
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "So" in the given sentence is:1) In the way indicated; (`thusly
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place; where the
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in the given sentence is:1) In or to a place that is higher
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the sentence "So crunch, crunch, crunch, bang,
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the given sentence is:2) Used as intensifiers; `real'
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exit" in the given sentence is:2) The act of going outIn the
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) A group of people who adhere
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "prayer" in the given sentence is:1) The act of
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudIn the sentence
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "admits" in the given sentence is:4) Declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mixed" in the given sentence is:2) Consisting of a haphazard
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "feelings" in the sentence "Vicar Marshall admits to mixed
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "issue" in the sentence "Vicar Marshall admits to mixed feelings about
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England) a cl
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "active" in the sentence "Vicar Marshall admits to mixed feelings about
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bell-ringer" in the given sentence is:1) A person
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sound" in the sentence "The sound of bells is a net to
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the sentence "The sound of bells is a net
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draw" in the sentence "The sound of bells is a net to draw people into the
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the sentence "The sound of bells is a net to draw people into the
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the sentence "The sound of bells is a net to draw people into
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hopes" in the sentence "I live in hopes that the ring
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drawn" in the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fuller" in the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sort" in the sentence "a sort of parliament of ringing groups"
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "parliament" in the given sentence is:3) A legislative assembly
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "groups" in the sentence "The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the given sentence is:3) Intend (something) to move
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improve" in the given sentence is:1) Get betterThe sentence is discussing
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vicars" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "says" in the sentence "The Central Council of Church Bell Ring
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:1) The presiding officer
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:2) Expect and wishThis definition captures
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "speak" in the given sentence is:2) Express in speech
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colleges" in the given sentence is:1) An institution of higher education created to
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "joys" in the given sentence is:1) The emotion of
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bell ringing" in the given sentence is:2) Playing a set
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shortly" in the given sentence is:2) In the near futureThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publish" in the given sentence is:1) Prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under a
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entitled" in the given sentence is:2) Give a title toThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "care" in the given sentence is:3) Attention and management implying responsibility for safety
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recognize" in the given sentence is:6) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "no" in the sentence "We recognize that we may no longer have
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "high" in the sentence "We recognize that we may no longer have
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "priority" in the given sentence is:4) Status established in order of importance or urgency
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian)
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the sentence "We recognize that we may no longer have
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attacking" in the sentence "Mr. Baldwin is also attacking the greater problem: lack
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survey" in the given sentence is:4) A form containing a set of questions
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bellringers" in the given sentence is:1) A person who rings church bells
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the sentence "One survey says that of the 100,0
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "still" in the sentence "One survey says that of the 100,0
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "always" in the sentence "Also, ringers do not always live
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the given sentence is:4) Inhabit or live in; be
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) Have or feel a need forThis
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rung" in the given sentence is:6) Make (b
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "small" in the sentence "Also, ringers do not always live
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "council" in the given sentence is:1) A body serving in an administrative
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:6) A system of projects or services intended to
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attract" in the given sentence is:2) Be attractive toThis definition best
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "train" in the given sentence is:2) Teach and supervise (someone
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "But the council's program to attract and
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the given sentence is:11) Toward or on the right;
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present momentThe sentence is
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lucky" in the given sentence is:3) Having or bringing good fortuneThe
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:2) The period of time
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under false
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "adds" in the given sentence is:2) State or say furtherIn the
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in the given sentence is:11) Full of promiseThe sentence is
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sign" in the given sentence is:9) A perceptible indication of something not immediately
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "number" in the sentence "One bright sign is that a growing number
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entered" in the given sentence is:1) Become a participant; be involved
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) At a previous time;This definition best
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "field" in the given sentence is:14) An abstraction belonging to or characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "third" in the given sentence is:5) Following the second position in an ordering or
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accepted" in the sentence "They are not accepted everywhere, however" is:4)
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the sentence "They are not accepted everywhere, however" is:2
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bell-ringing" in the given sentence is:2) Playing a
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people who work together
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under a
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "founded" in the given sentence is:1) Set up or lay the groundwork
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in the given sentence is:1) Continue in a place, position,
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particularly" in the given sentence is:1) Specifically or especially distinguished from othersThis
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people who work together
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:2) Used to form the superlative
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "churches" in the given sentence is:4) A place for
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filed" in the given sentence is:2) Record in a public office or in
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "suit" in the given sentence is:3) A petition or appeal
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) The distance or area or volume over
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surfaced" in the given sentence is:2) Appear or become visible; make
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "summer" in the given sentence is:1) The warmest season of the year
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "series" in the given sentence is:8) Similar things placed in order or happening one
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "letters" in the given sentence is:1) A written message addressed
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "newspaper" in the given sentence is:1) A daily
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "writer" in the given sentence is:2) A person who is able to write and
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "signing" in the given sentence is:3) Mark with one
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "letter" in the given sentence is:1) A written message addressed
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "male" in the given sentence is:3) An adult person who
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remarked" in the given sentence is:1) Make mention ofThe sentence implies
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "frequency" in the given sentence is:2) The number of observations
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggested" in the given sentence is:1) Make a proposal, declare a
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "back" in the sentence is:3) In or to or toward
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "traditional" in the given sentence is:2) Consisting of or derived from tradition
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "role" in the given sentence is:3) Normal or customary activity
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:**49) Make or cause to be or
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tea" in the given sentence is:4) A beverage made by
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "meetings" in the given sentence is:7) A formally
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "torrent" in the given sentence is:1) An overwhelming number
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "replies" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "followed" in the given sentence is:3) Come after in time, as a
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under false
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "observed" in the given sentence is:2) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "male" in the given sentence is:2) For or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under false
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "badly" in the given sentence is:6) Without skill or in a disple
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dressed" in the given sentence is:3) Dressed or clothed especially
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the given sentence is:2) Above average in size or number or quantity
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "unwashed" in the given sentence is:2) Not cleaned
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wrote" in the given sentence is:8) Communicate (with) in writing
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the sentence "Another women wrote from Sheffield to say that
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "never" in the given sentence is:1) Not ever; at no time in the
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "known" in the sentence "Another women wrote from Sheffield to say that in her 6
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lady" in the given sentence is:2) A polite name for any woman
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "belfry" in the given sentence is:3) A room (often at the
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless them"
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless them"
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "die" in the sentence "I have seen one or two men die, bless them"
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Medical" in the given sentence is:1) Relating to the
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "starting" in the given sentence is:12) Have a beginning, in a temporal
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "handful" in the given sentence is:1) A small number or amountThis
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unleash" in the given sentence is:2) Release or ventThis definition
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "chaotic" in the given sentence is:3) Completely un
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:3) (pathology)
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "characterizes" in the given sentence is:1) Describe or portray
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "say" in the sentence "Scientists say the discovery of these
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given sentence is:1) Of the immediate past or just previous
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:10) Original and of a kind not seen
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develops" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understanding" in the given sentence is:1) An ability to understand the meaning or
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expected" in the given sentence is:1) Look forward to the probable occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produce" in the given sentence is:6) Give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "array" in the given sentence is:1) An orderly arrangementIn the context of
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategies" in the given sentence is:2) An elaborate and systematic plan of
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "future" in the given sentence is:2) Yet to be or
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "future" in the sentence "That is for the future" is:
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developing" in the given sentence is:17) Make something new, such
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) Use as a basis for; found on
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the given sentence is:4) Recognize as being; establish the
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:8) A period of time
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "otherwise" in the given sentence is:1) In other respects or waysThis definition
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the given sentence is:3) Having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the given sentence is:2) A single organismThis definition is the
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given sentence is:2) Has a good chance of being the case
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the sentence "Already, scientists are developing tests based on the newly identified genes
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "set" in the sentence "It's a super-exciting
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is discoveredThis
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "says" in the sentence "It's a super-exc
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the sentence "It's a super-exciting set of discoveries,
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Only" in the given sentence is:2) And nothing moreThis definition captures the
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decade" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 10 years
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the sentence "Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "molecular" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or produced by or
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:4) An abstract place usually conceived as having depth
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present moment (
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accumulation" in the given sentence is:2) An increase by natural growth or addition
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altered" in the given sentence is:3) Changed in form or character without becoming
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "initiate" in the given sentence is:4) Bring into beingThis definition best
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "propel" in the given sentence is:2) Cause to move forward with force
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "deadly" in the given sentence is:5) Causing or
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:5) The way something is with respect to its
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "call" in the sentence "Scientists call the new class of
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "new" in the sentence "Scientists call the new class of
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "class" in the context of the sentence "Scientists call the new class of genes
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simply" in the sentence "Scientists call the new class of genes tumor-s
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functioning" in the given sentence is:1) Perform as expected when appliedThis
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that hold a cell's
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that hold a cell's
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cell" in the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins that
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "radiation" in the given sentence is:2) High-energy radiation
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:14) Have an effect or outcome; often
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the given sentence is:7) Cause to change or turn into something different
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the given sentence is:4) Recognize as being; establish the
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differ" in the given sentence is:2) Be differentThis definition accurately captures
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the sentence "The newly identified genes differ from a family of
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovered" in the given sentence is:2) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "early" in the sentence "The newly identified genes differ from a family
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the sentence "The newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "present" in the given sentence is:1) Being or existing in a specified place
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "become" in the sentence "Oncogenes must be present for
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancerous" in the given sentence is:2) Relating
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggesting" in the given sentence is:2) Call to mindThis definition
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cause" in the given sentence is:2) Give rise to;
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given sentence is:1) Of the immediate past or just previous
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the sentence "In recent months, researchers have come to believe" is:
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "believe" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the given sentence is:27) Cause to move around a center so
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "An oncogene may turn proliferating cells
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the sentence "Like all genes, tumor-suppress
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the sentence "Like all genes, tumor-suppress
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "Either copy can make the proteins needed to control cell growth"
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "needed" in the given sentence is:3) Require as useful, just,
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "control" in the given sentence is:2) Handle and cause to functionIn the
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arise" in the given sentence is:2) Originate or come into being
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impaired" in the given sentence is:2) Diminished in strength, quality
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the given sentence is:4) A human beingThis definition captures the
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "born" in the given sentence is:14) Cause to be bornThis definition
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the given sentence is:3) During an early stageThis definition best
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:2) The period during which
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:2) And nothing more
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lose" in the given sentence is:9) Fail to keep or to maintain; cease
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Emerging" in the given sentence is:2) Coming into existenceThis definition best
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `to') having
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individuals" in the given sentence is:1) A human beingThis definition is
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given sentence is:4) An era of history having some distinctive feature
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the sentence "Bill and Bonnie Quinlan are among the first beneficiaries of the
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beneficiaries" in the given sentence is:1) The recipient of funds or
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the sentence "Bill and Bonnie Quinlan are among the first beneficiaries of the
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the sentence "Bill and Bonnie Quinlan are among the first beneficiaries of
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" in the given sentence is:1) A pair of people who live together
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:1) In actual factThis definition best captures
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the given sentence is:1) At an earlier time or formerlyThis
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "became" in the given sentence is:1) Enter or assume
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pregnant" in the given sentence is:2) Carrying
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "child" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "chance" in the given sentence is:5) A measure of
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occurs" in the given sentence is:1) Happen, occur, or be
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities)
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "once" in the sentence is:2) On one occasionIn
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "births" in the given sentence is:2) A baby born
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "knew" in the given sentence is:5) Be cogniz
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carried" in the given sentence is:33) Take further or advanceIn
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the given sentence is:9) Fail to keep or to maintain; cease
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence is:2) And nothing moreIn
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mother" in the given sentence is:6) A woman who has
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suffered" in the given sentence is:1) Undergo (as of injuries
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "same" in the sentence is:2) Closely similar or comparable
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fate" in the given sentence is:1) Your overall circumstances
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baby" in the given sentence is:9) A very young child (birth to
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "isolation" in the given sentence is:4) The act of isolating something; setting
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening or existingThis
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the given sentence is:3) Coming after all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find out" in the given sentence is:1) Find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "threat" in the given sentence is:3) Something that is
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baby" in the given sentence is:9) A very young child (birth to
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faced" in the given sentence is:3) Deal with (something unpleasant) head
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:10) Original and of a kind not seen
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:5) Provide evidence forThe sentence states
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the given sentence is:1) (of children and animals) young,
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "inherited" in the given sentence is:1) Receive from a
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faced" in the given sentence is:3) Deal with (something unpleasant) head
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "more" in the sentence is:2) (comparative of `
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "risk" in the given sentence is:4) A source of danger
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developing" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "It made our New Year" is:49) Make
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the sentence "It made our New Year," says Mr. Quinlan
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the given sentence is:1) A human beingThe sentence is discussing
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the given sentence is:1) Look forward to the probable occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Equally" in the given sentence is:2) To the same degree (often followed
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "controls" in the given sentence is:5) Exercise authoritative control or power overIn
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "Equally important, the initial discovery of the gene that controls
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) A licensed medical practitionerThis definition accurately
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "named" in the given sentence is:4) Mention and identify by nameThis
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opened" in the given sentence is:1) Start to operate or function or cause to
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "recent" in the given sentence is:1) Of the immediate
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "exploded" in the given sentence is:4) Increase rapidly and
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given sentence is:7) Be shown or be found to
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studying" in the given sentence is:3) Consider in detail and subject to an
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tragic" in the given sentence is:1) Of or relating to or characteristic
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncommon" in the given sentence is:1) Not common or ordinarily encountered;
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fundamental" in the given sentence is:2) Being or involving basic facts or principles
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "insights" in the given sentence is:3) Clear or deep
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basic" in the given sentence is:1) Reduced to the simplest and most significant form
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "director" in the given sentence is:7) A person who is in chargeThis
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given sentence is:2) A body of people sharing some common interest
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the given sentence is:3) Feeling or showing worry or solic
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advances" in the given sentence is:5) A change for the better; progress
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basic" in the given sentence is:1) Reduced to the simplest and most significant form
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:11) Take the first step or steps in
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showing" in the given sentence is:5) Provide evidence forIn the context
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "there" in the given sentence is:1) In that matterThe sentence is discussing
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the sentence "Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the given sentence is:3) Coming after all others in time or space
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spring" in the given sentence is:6) The season of growthThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result of an
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the sentence "Then last spring, researchers reported finding a gene called p5
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impaired" in the given sentence is:1) Make imperfectThe sentence is discussing
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns" in the sentence "Then last spring, researchers reported finding a gene called p
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the given sentence is:3) Having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "colon" in the given sentence is:3) The part of the
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or affected with
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teams" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:3) Same in identityThis definition best captures
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "present" in the given sentence is:1) Being or existing in a specified place
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:2) Part of an organism consisting of an
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:2) Used to form the superlative
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the given sentence is:1) Having no special distinction or quality; widely
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forms" in the given sentence is:14) A category of things distinguished by some
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "killing" in the given sentence is:1) Cause to die
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Americans" in the given sentence is:4) A native or inhabitant of the
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the given sentence is:10) ImmediatelyThe sentence is saying that
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present momentThis definition best
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laboratories" in the given sentence is:2) A workplace for the conduct of scientific
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "racing" in the given sentence is:1) To work as fast as possible towards a
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the sentence "They have about seven candidates" is:5) (of
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alone" in the given sentence is:1) Without anybody else or anything elseThis
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "combination" in the given sentence is:4) A collection of things that have been
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "crucial" in the given sentence is:1) Of extreme
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:8) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scourges" in the given sentence is:2) Something causing misery or death
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:4) That part of the
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "skin" in the given sentence is:8) A natural protective body
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cervix" in the given sentence is:1) Necklike
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of human
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "versions" in the given sentence is:6) Something a little different
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explaining" in the given sentence is:2) Serve as a reason or cause
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finally" in the given sentence is:2) As the end result of a succession or
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seem" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:1) Definite but not specified or identified
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "families" in the given sentence is:6) People descended from a common ancestor
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "story" in the given sentence is:3) A record or narrative description of past events
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes back" in the given sentence is:1) Belong to an earlier time
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "named" in the given sentence is:4) Mention and identify by nameThis
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposed" in the given sentence is:3) Present for consideration, examination, criticism
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stemmed" in the given sentence is:3) Grow out of, have roots
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "separate" in the given sentence is:3) Independent; not united or joint
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defects" in the given sentence is:3) An imperfection in a bodily
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "theorized" in the given sentence is:1) Construct a theory aboutThis
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic transmissionThis definition
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or constituting a norm or
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developed" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first in position in
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or constituting a norm or
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "prove" in the sentence "But there was no way to prove Dr
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "theory" in the given sentence is:1) A well-substantiated explanation of
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Back" in the sentence "Back then" is:4) In
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:2) At that timeThe sentence is discussing
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence "Back then, scientists had no way of
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specific" in the given sentence is:2) (sometimes followed by 'to') applying
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:15) Perceive by sight or have the
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pairs" in the given sentence is:2) A set of
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "contain" in the sentence is:3) Include or contain;
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gross" in the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome damage was visible" is:
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome damage was visible" is:
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "visible" in the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome damage was visible" is:1
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eye" in the sentence "Dr. Knudson found that some
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic transmissionThis definition
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actually" in the sentence "Under a microscope he could actually see
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bit" in the sentence "Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumed" in the given sentence is:4) Take to be the case or to
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:2) A separate part of a wholeThis
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contained" in the given sentence is:5) Contain or hold; have within
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loss" in the given sentence is:7) Gradual decline in amount or activity
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the given sentence is:6) Urgently needed; absolutely necessary
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "setting off" in the given sentence is:2) Set in motion or cause to begin
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "But he did not know which gene or genes had disappeared"
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scientific" in the given sentence is:1) Conforming with the principles or methods
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "led" in the sentence "Then, a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cav
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (either
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battery" in the given sentence is:7) A collection of related things intended for
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developed" in the given sentence is:17) Make something new, such as
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the given sentence is:3) The tangible substance that goes into the makeup
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "presence" in the sentence is:4) That which is perceived or
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analyzing" in the given sentence is:1) Break down into components or essential features
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extracted" in the given sentence is:5) Remove, usually with some force or
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defects" in the given sentence is:1) A failing or deficiencyThis
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first in position in
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exact" in the given sentence is:1) (of ideas, images, representations
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is:2) Something
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is:1) The
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "It was the first time anyone had showed
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:3) Establish the validity of something,
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "loss" in the given sentence is:7) Gradual decline in
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:3) Same in identityThis definition best captures
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the given sentence is:13) Have as a result or residue
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eruption" in the given sentence is:2) A sudden violent spontaneous occurrence (
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "satisfying" in the given sentence is:2) Providing freedom from worry
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "says" in the sentence "It was extraordinarily satisfying, says
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the sentence "It was extraordinarily satisfying, says Dr. Knudson
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "true" in the given sentence is:11) Consistent with fact or reality; not
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "true" in the given sentence is:11) Consistent with fact or reality; not
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "audacious" in the sentence "It was an audacious claim" is:2)
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the sentence "It was an audacious claim" is:7) An
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the given sentence is:2) (used of living things especially persons
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believed" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the given sentence is:12) Correct in opinion or judgmentIn
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set out" in the given sentence is:2) Take the first step or steps in
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "repeat" in the given sentence is:1) Happen or occur againThis definition
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiment" in the given sentence is:1) The act of conducting a controlled test
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teams" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result of an investigation
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dual" in the given sentence is:2) Consisting of
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "losses" in the given sentence is:6) The number of
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "childhood" in the given sentence is:2) The time of
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "called" in the sentence "His was one of two research teams in
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:1) Direct one's interest or attention towards
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the given sentence is:2) The faculty or power of mental concentration
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first in position in
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "biggest" in the given sentence is:3) Above average in size or number or
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killer" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who causes the death of a
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believed" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "arise" in the given sentence is:1) Come into existence
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "stages" in the given sentence is:8) A specific identifiable
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or instancesThe sentence
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "preceded" in the given sentence is:1) **Come before**This definition
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:8) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:17) An occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "become" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo a
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "stages" in the given sentence is:8) A specific identifiable
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progressing" in the given sentence is:3) Move forward, also in the metaphor
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:1) Used to form the
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "severe" in the given sentence is:2) Very bad in
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "deadly" in the given sentence is:5) Causing or
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "damage" in the given sentence is:5) The occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "occurring" in the given sentence is:1) Happen,
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:11) Take the first step or steps
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tedious" in the given sentence is:1) So lacking in interest as to cause
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "searching" in the given sentence is:2) Try to locate
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signs" in the given sentence is:9) A perceptible indication of something not
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "damage" in the given sentence is:5) The occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:11) Take the first step or steps
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confusing" in the given sentence is:1) Lacking clarity of meaning; causing
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the given sentence is:3) Noticeable heterogeneityThis definition captures
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "existing" in the given sentence is:1) Have an existence, be extantThis
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "They began uncovering a confusing variety of
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coherent" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged"
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "picture" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged" is
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged" is
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerged" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:1) Definite but not specified or identified
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knocked out" in the context of the sentence "If both copies of a certain
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "If both copies of a certain gene were
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first in position in
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deleted" in the given sentence is:1) Cut or eliminateThis definition best captures
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular growth on the surface
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "malignancy" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) a malignant
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clear" in the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene had to be damaged
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular biologists" is:3
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "galvanized" in the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular biologists" is
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular biologists" is:1
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confirming" in the given sentence is:1) Serving to support or corroborate
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "needed" in the given sentence is:1) Have need ofThis definition best
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "losses" in the given sentence is:7) Gradual decline
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the given sentence is:6) Urgently needed; absolutely necessary
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:8) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the given sentence is:1) Having no special distinction or quality; widely
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:3) Used in negative statement to describe a situation
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nail" in the given sentence is:3) Locate exactlyIn the context
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identity" in the given sentence is:3) The individual characteristics by which a thing or
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:2) Inflict damage uponThis definition
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flipped" in the given sentence is:8) Reverse (a direction, attitude,
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "colon" in the given sentence is:3) The part of the
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full-blown" in the given sentence is:2) Having or displaying all the characteristics
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "malignancy" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine) a malignant
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately 30
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "down" in the given sentence is:4) Spatially or
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "length" in the given sentence is:4) The linear extent in
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in the given sentence is:1) Try to locate or discover,
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the given sentence is:7) Common to or shared by two or more
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bit" in the given sentence is:8) A unit of measurement of information (from
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the given sentence is:3) The tangible substance that goes into the makeup
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the given sentence is:9) Fail to keep or to maintain; cease
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene" is
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene" is
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constitute" in the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene"
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the sentence "When they found it last winter, Dr. Vogelstein was
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the sentence "When they found it last winter" is:3) Coming
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dubious" in the sentence "When they found it last winter
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "search" in the given sentence is:1) The activity of looking
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "doubts" in the given sentence is:1) The state
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stemmed" in the given sentence is:3) Grow out of, have roots
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "several" in the given sentence is:3) (used with
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "earlier" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier in time
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiments" in the given sentence is:1) The act of conducting a controlled
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mice" in the given sentence is:5) Any of numerous small rodents typically resembling
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) Assign a specified (usually proper)
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "transform" in the given sentence is:3) Change or alter in form, appearance,
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or constituting a norm or
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or affected with
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or thingIn the
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the same
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "exactly" in the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the same
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spot" in the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the same
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given sentence is:2) Give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promoting" in the given sentence is:4) Contribute to the progress or growth
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in the given sentence is:1) Try to locate or discover,
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suppressed" in the given sentence is:2) Reduce the incidence or severity of
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "human" in the given sentence is:2) Characteristic of humanity
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "identical" in the given sentence is:3) Exactly alike
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned out" in the given sentence is:7) Be shown or be found to
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "observing" in the given sentence is:2) Discover or determine
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "form" in the given sentence is:12) A particular mode
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suddenly" in the given sentence is:1) Happening unexpectedlyThe sentence implies
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "puts" in the given sentence is:6) Put into a certain place or abstract location
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the sentence "The discovery `` suddenly puts an obscure gene right in the cockpit
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "formation" in the given sentence is:4) The act of forming or establishing something
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leader" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rules or guides or insp
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the sentence "Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerging" in the given sentence is:4) Become known or apparent
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the sentence "Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the sentence "Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "breast" in the given sentence is:6) Either of two
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spot" in the given sentence is:10) A point located with respect to surface
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strikes" in the given sentence is:12) Affect or afflict suddenly
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:4) An external body part that projects from the
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:1) Definite but not specified or identified
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "families" in the given sentence is:6) People descended from a common ancestor
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic transmissionThis definition
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the given sentence is:12) A particular mode in which something is
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "implicated" in the sentence "The p53 gene has just been implicated in lung
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the sentence "In a report out last week" is:3) Coming
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the sentence "In a report out last week, John Minna and
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:2) Part of an organism consisting of an
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tested" in the given sentence is:4) Determine the presence or properties of (
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "missing" in the given sentence is:2) Be absentThis definition best captures the
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:3) Used in negative statement to describe a situation
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:2) Part of an organism consisting of an
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the sentence "There also are reports from several labs, as yet unpublished
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:4) That part of the
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "At the same time" in the given sentence is:2) Overlapping in duration
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rushing" in the given sentence is:5) Act or move at high speed
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the sentence "At the same time, the Johns Hopkins team and others are
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:2) Expect and wishThis definition captures
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "close" in the given sentence is:1) Not far distant in time or space or
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:5) Expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of human
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result of an
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "common" in the given sentence is:1) Having no special distinction
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is discoveredThis
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "Where these discoveries will lead, scientists can
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculate" in the given sentence is:2) Talk over conjecturally, or review
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the given sentence is:7) Greater in number or size or amount
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unit" in the given sentence is:7) An individual or group or structure or other
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "collaborating" in the given sentence is:1) Work together on a common enterprise
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hunters" in the given sentence is:1) A person who searches for something
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the given sentence is:27) Cause to move around a center so
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is discoveredThis
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:10) Original and of a kind not seen
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "say" in the sentence "Some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "slow" in the given sentence is:1) Cause to proceed more
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reverse" in the context of the sentence is:3) Reverse the
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence is:3) (pathology) an abnormal
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) Use as a basis for; found on
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produced" in the given sentence is:6) Give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition; the main thing
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administer" in the given sentence is:4) Give or apply (medications)
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the given sentence is:3) Having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "versions" in the given sentence is:6) Something a little different
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:1) Existing in possibilityThis definition captures the
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replace" in the given sentence is:3) Substitute a person or thing for (
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the given sentence is:3) Having or indicating good health in body or
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "versions" in the given sentence is:6) Something a little different
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come close" in the given sentence is:1) Nearly do somethingThis definition best
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "witnessing" in the given sentence is:1) Be a witness toThis
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) A productive insightThis definition best
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:2) Used to form the superlative
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or valueThis definition
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "steps" in the given sentence is:12) The act of
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genesis" in the given sentence is:2) A coming into beingIn the context
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teach" in the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to read, write
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the sentence "Why ca not we teach our children to read, write and
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "read" in the sentence "Why ca not we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "write" in the sentence "Why ca not we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reckon" in the context of the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "It's not that we do not know how to, because
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the sentence "It's that we do not want to" is:
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:2) A justification for something
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for;
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:4) Able to accomplish a purpose; functioning
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "require" in the given sentence is:1) Consider obligatory; request and expect
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relinquish" in the given sentence is:3) Do without or cease to hold
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "metaphysical" in the given sentence is:1) Pertaining
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "beliefs" in the given sentence is:2) A personal belief
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "young" in the given sentence is:2) (used of
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural)
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "violate" in the given sentence is:4) Act in disregard of laws, rules
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interests" in the given sentence is:4) (usually plural) a social group
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beliefs" in the given sentence is:4) **Any cognitive content held as true
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by 'that') to
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dominate" in the given sentence is:2) Be in controlThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) The persons (or committees or
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) A person active in party politics
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:3) In fact (used as intensifiers or
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blasphemous" in the given sentence is:2) Grossly irreverent
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:4) Attack as false or wrongThe
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here is an example" is:1) In or at
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "example" in the sentence "Here is an example" is:5) A representative form
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the given sentence is:4) Address a question to and expect an answer
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sample" in the given sentence is:2) A small part of something intended as representative
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the given sentence is:1) Hope for; have a wish
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the given sentence is:3) Contribute to the progress or growth
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of either sexThis
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (either spoken or written)
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mean" in the sentence "But what do we mean, specifically, by 'creativity
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the sentence "No one can say" is:1) A single person
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "equated" in the given sentence is:1) Consider or describe
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourages" in the given sentence is:1) Inspire with confidence; give
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "generation" in the given sentence is:5) All the people
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "young" in the given sentence is:2) (used of
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural)
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "incompetence" in the given sentence is:2) Lack of
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "matched" in the sentence "The result is a generation of young people
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "The result is a generation of young people
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" in the sentence "The result is a generation of young people whose ignorance and intellectual
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "opinion" in the given sentence is:6) A message expressing
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "whole" in the given sentence is:5) Including all components
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "romantic" in the given sentence is:2) Not sensible about
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rebellion" in the given sentence is:2) Refusal
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "disciplined" in the given sentence is:1) Trained
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "instruction" in the given sentence is:4) The activities of
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "authoritarian" in the given sentence is:2) Expecting un
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "repression" in the given sentence is:3) (psychiat
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "frustration" in the given sentence is:2) The feeling that
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "latent" in the given sentence is:1) Potentially existing
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "talents" in the given sentence is:1) Inherent ability
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "yet" in the given sentence is:4) Used in negative statement
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "potentialities" in the given sentence is:2) The inherent
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "inherent" in the given sentence is:2) Existing as an
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "souls" in the given sentence is:4) The imm
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the sentence "It is not surprising that parents find this romantic extravagance so
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "romantic" in the given sentence is:2) Not sensible about practical matters; ideal
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "so" in the sentence "It is not surprising that parents find this
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attractive" in the given sentence is:1) Pleasing to the eye or
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar or comparable in kind or
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for;
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the sentence "Fortunately, these same parents do want their children to get
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "decent" in the given sentence is:7) Sufficient for
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "demands" in the given sentence is:2) Require as useful, just,
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commitment" in the given sentence is:3) The trait of sincere and steadfast
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "survive" in the sentence "Their commitment to 'creativity
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "adolescent" in the sentence "Their commitment to 'creativity
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "illiteracy" in the sentence "Their commitment to 'creativity
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instructionThis
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "future" in the given sentence is:2) The time yet to
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "determined" in the given sentence is:6) Shape or influence; give direction to
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:3) A position on a scale of intensity or
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allow" in the given sentence is:6) Allow the presence of or allow (an
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevail" in the given sentence is:4) Use persuasion successfullyThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illusions" in the given sentence is:2) Something many people believe that is false
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "share" in the given sentence is:2) Have, give, or receive a share
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledgeThis
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the sentence "The education establishment will fight against common sense every inch
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fight" in the sentence "The education establishment will fight against common sense every inch of
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reasons" in the given sentence is:2) A justification for
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "simple" in the sentence "The reasons are complex, but one simple
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reason" in the sentence "The reasons are complex, but one simple
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Progressive" in the given sentence is:7) Favoring or
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "once" in the sentence "Progressive education (as it was once
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "called" in the sentence "Progressive education (as it was once
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "far" in the given sentence is:3) At or to or from a certain point
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "more" in the sentence "Progressive education (as it was once
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "agreeable" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "disciplined" in the given sentence is:2) Obe
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "instruction" in the given sentence is:4) The activities of
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nice" in the given sentence is:5) Pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "think" in the given sentence is:1) Be capable of conscious
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "personality" in the given sentence is:2) The complex of
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:1) A process in which
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "even" in the given sentence is:5) To a greater degree
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "nicer" in the given sentence is:5) Pleasant or
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minimize" in the given sentence is:2) Cause to seem
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tests" in the given sentence is:6) Any standardized procedure for
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provides" in the given sentence is:6) Give something useful or necessary to
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "profession" in the given sentence is:3) An occupation requiring
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:10) Go successfully through a test or
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "courses" in the given sentence is:6) Education imparted
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "philosophy" in the given sentence is:3) The rational
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the sentence "I myself took such courses in college, thinking I might end
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the sentence "I myself took such courses in college, thinking I might
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "college" in the sentence "I myself took such courses in college
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thinking" in the sentence "I myself took such courses in college, thinking I might
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fairly" in the sentence "They could all fairly be described as 'pap' courses
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the sentence "They could all fairly be described as 'pap' courses
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in the sentence "They could all fairly be described as 'pap' courses"
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the sentence "They could all fairly be described as 'pap' courses
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distinct" in the given sentence is:2) (often followed by 'from')
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) The persons (or committees or
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "know" in the sentence "I know many schoolteachers" is
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seriously" in the given sentence is:1) To a severe or serious degree
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committed" in the given sentence is:2) Bound or obligated, as under
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teaching" in the given sentence is:4) The activities of educating or instruct
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `good')
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brightest" in the given sentence is:8) Having the capacity for thought and reason
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "generation" in the given sentence is:5) All the people
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the given sentence is:2) Used as intensifiers; `real'
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of human
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "jobs" in the sentence "But they need not be to do their
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the sentence "But they need not be to do their jobs well" is
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remember" in the given sentence is:1) Recall knowledge from memory; have a recol
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "truly" in the sentence "Yes, we all can remember one
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledgeThis
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proceeded" in the given sentence is:4) Follow a procedure or take a course
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competent" in the given sentence is:3) Adequate for the purpose
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sense" in the given sentence is:4) The message that is intended or expressed
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "teacher" among the given options is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the sentence "In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the sentence "In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one '
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brilliant" in the given sentence is:4) Having or marked by unusual and impressive
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:1) With considerable certainty; without much doubt
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competent" in the given sentence is:3) Adequate for the purpose
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "serves" in the sentence "If he is competent and conscientious, he serves us
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "well" in the sentence "If he is competent and conscientious,
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the sentence "Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis"
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factor" in the sentence "Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis"
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the sentence "Our teachers are not an important factor
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "equity" in the given sentence is:4) The quality of
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the given sentence is:5) Expect, believe, or supposeIn
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educate" in the given sentence is:1) Give an education toThis definition
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "better" in the sentence "It is silly libel on our teachers
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence "It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "more" in the sentence "It is silly libel on our teachers
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "unions" in the given sentence is:10) An organization
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mind" in the given sentence is:4) Be concerned with or about something or somebody
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is:3) Distribute or disperse widelyThis
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "narrow" in the given sentence is:1) Lacking tolerance
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "purposes" in the given sentence is:2) An anticipated
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) A person active in party politics
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:1) **Receive a specified treatment (abstract)**
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "helps" in the given sentence is:6) Contribute to the furtherance of
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strike" in the given sentence is:2) Stop work in order to press demands
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "friendly" in the given sentence is:1) Inclined
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "posture" in the given sentence is:1) Manner of acting or controlling yourself
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) As the agent of or on someone
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or valueThis definition
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shred" in the given sentence is:3) A tiny or scarcely detectable amount
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes something evident
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the sentence "But there is not one shred of evidence that, other
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equal" in the given sentence is:1) Having the same quantity, value, or
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differentials" in the given sentence is:1) A quality that differentiates between
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:2) Come about or follow as a consequence
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differentials" in the given sentence is:1) A quality that differentiates between
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law) all the means by
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sure" in the sentence "If there were such evidence, you can be sure you
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the given sentence is:1) Hope for; have a wish
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "serious" in the given sentence is:4) Concerned with
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the United States of
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exactly" in the given sentence is:1) In a precise mannerThis definition
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the sentence "If we wish to be serious about American education, we know
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or valueThis definition
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:11) A building
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scattered" in the given sentence is:1) Occurring or distributed over widely spaced
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poorest" in the given sentence is:4) Having little money or few possessions
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar or comparable in kind or
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "majority" in the given sentence is:1) The property resulting from being or relating
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:11) A building
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "efforts" in the given sentence is:2) A series of actions advancing a principle
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reform" in the given sentence is:1) A campaign aimed to correct abuses or mal
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doomed" in the given sentence is:1) Marked by or promising bad fortune
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "really" in the given sentence is:2) In accordance with truth or fact or reality
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "We really do know all we need to know, if only
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the sentence "We really do know all we need to know, if only
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "We really do know all we need to know, if only
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assimilate" in the given sentence is:3) Take up mentallyThis definition
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "respect" in the given sentence is:3) The condition of being
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mute" in the given sentence is:2) Expressed without speechIn the
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rather" in the sentence "In this respect, it would be helpful
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the given sentence is:3) Feeling or showing worry or solic
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inclined" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `to')
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "echo" in the given sentence is:3) To say again or
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "conventional" in the given sentence is:4) Following accepted customs
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pap" in the given sentence is:2) Worthless or overs
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Thus" in the given sentence is:2) (used to introduce a logical conclusion)
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given sentence is:1) Of the immediate past or just previous
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governors" in the given sentence is:3) The head of a state government
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "announced" in the given sentence is:1) Make known; make an announcement
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "needs" in the given sentence is:1) Have need ofThis definition captures
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action adopted by an individual
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:1) A process in which something passes by degrees
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governors" in the given sentence is:3) The head of a state government
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seem" in the sentence "A comprehensive development policy for governors over
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "more" in the sentence "A comprehensive development policy for governors over
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) Anything that is necessary but lackingIn
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extending" in the given sentence is:1) Extend in scope or range or
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the given sentence is:3) Instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the given sentence is:2) Worth having or seeking or achieving
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:5) A system of projects or services intended to
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:5) A system of projects or services intended to
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the given sentence is:2) Used as intensifiers; `real'
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the given sentence is:1) At or near the beginning of a period
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exposure" in the given sentence is:8) Presentation to view in an open or
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schooling" in the given sentence is:3) The process of being formally educated at
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improves" in the given sentence is:1) Get betterThis definition captures
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the given sentence is:7) The act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "grade" in the given sentence is:8) A number or letter
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:1) A variation that deviates from the
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quickly" in the given sentence is:1) With little or no delayThis
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "washed away" in the given sentence is:2) EliminateIn the context
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum up" in the given sentence is:1) Give a summary (of)The
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "know" in the sentence "Let us sum up what we do know
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "education" among the given options is:1) The gradual process of
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "education" among the given options is:1) The gradual process of
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reforms" in the given sentence is:2) A change for
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "work" in the context of "education reforms that do work" is
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "work" in the context of "education reforms that do work" is
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parental" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or characteristic of or
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the sentence is:1) The act of sharing
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bad" in the context of the sentence "Parental involvement is a bad idea" is
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:2) A personal viewThis definition best captures
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the sentence "Parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational limitations
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given sentence is:2) Has a good chance of being the case
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blame" in the given sentence is:2) Put or pin the blame on
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "schools" in the sentence "Parents are too likely to blame
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the sentence "Parents are too likely to blame
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limitations" in the given sentence is:2) The quality of being limited or restricted
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of either sexThis
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instructionThis
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "They should see to it that their kids do not play tr
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "kids" in the given sentence is:3) A human offspring
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "play" in the sentence "They should see to it that their kids do not play tr
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of either sexThis
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "spend" in the sentence "they should make certain that the children
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "They should see to it that their kids
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrutinize" in the given sentence is:1) To look at critically or
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "option" in the given sentence is:2) One of a number of things from which
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "switching" in the context of the sentence "If parents are dissatisfied with a school
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Community" in the given sentence is:2) A group of people living in a particular
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) The act of sharing in the
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "even" in the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea"
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worse" in the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea" is:1
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea" is:2)
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here, the experience of New York City is decisive" is
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "locally" in the given sentence is:1) By a particular localityThis definition
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cities" in the given sentence is:1) A large and
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "become" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo a
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ambitious" in the given sentence is:2) Having a strong desire for success or
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "generally" in the given sentence is:3) Usually; as a
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "corrupt" in the given sentence is:2) Not straight;
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) A person active
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) A person active
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the given sentence is:14) A way of doing something, especially
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trying" in the given sentence is:6) Make an effort or attemptThe
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the given sentence is:5) A complex of methods or rules governing behavior
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "school" in the given sentence is:11) A building where
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "governance" in the given sentence is:2) The persons
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:3) In fact (used as intensifiers or
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cities" in the given sentence is:1) A large and
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institute" in the given sentence is:1) Set up or lay the groundwork
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) The superlative of `much'
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditures" in the given sentence is:3) Money paid out; an amount
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instructionThis
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) The set of facts or circumstances
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:1) With considerable certainty; without much doubt
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "In most states, increasing expenditures on education, in our current
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "things" in the sentence "In most states, increasing expenditures on
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worse" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `bad')
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "better" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative and superlative of
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:1) An explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:7) Easy and not involved or complicatedThis
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledgeThis
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "influence" in the given sentence is:2) The effect of
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:1) The most common medium
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 10 years
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tell" in the given sentence is:2) Give evidence
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "even" in the given sentence is:3) In fact (used
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "classes" in the given sentence is:10) A body of
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "effect" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:3) Associated with
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "performance" in the given sentence is:7) The act of performing
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pupils" in the given sentence is:1) A young
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the given sentence is:2) Worth having or seeking or achieving
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reasons" in the given sentence is:2) A justification for
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:1) The most common medium
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flows" in the given sentence is:3) Move along, of liquidsIn the
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piling" in the given sentence is:1) Arrange into piles or stacksThis
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative of `much' used
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative of `much' used
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mystery" in the given sentence is:1) Something that
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "expenditures" in the given sentence is:3) Money paid
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "real" in the given sentence is:6) (of property)
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in the given sentence is:1) Make bigger or moreThis definition
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sharply" in the given sentence is:3) Very suddenly
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present momentThis definition best
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "spend" in the given sentence is:3) Pay out
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much;
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pupil" in the given sentence is:1) A young
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "performance" in the given sentence is:7) The act of performing
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "declined" in the given sentence is:1) Grow worse
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "That is the way the system works" is:13
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the sentence "Students should move up the educational ladder
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "academic" in the sentence "Students should move up the educational
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) The inherent capacity for coming into being
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allows" in the sentence "Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permitted" in the given sentence is:2) Consent to, give permission
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "graduated" in the given sentence is:2) Receive an academic degree upon completion of
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mastered" in the given sentence is:1) Be or become completely proficient or
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:4) An abstract place usually conceived as having depth
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevailed" in the given sentence is:1) Continue to existThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "means" in the given sentence is:3) Have in mind as
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "main" in the given sentence is:3) Most important element
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "purpose" in the given sentence is:2) An anticipated outcome
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "permit" in the given sentence is:1) Make it possible
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flourish" in the given sentence is:2) Grow vigorouslyThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "clearly" in the given sentence is:3) Without doubt or
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the given sentence is:2) Worth having or seeking or achieving
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:1) Used to form the
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "get" in the given sentence is:37) Acquire as
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "necessary" in the given sentence is:4) Absolutely essential
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entering" in the given sentence is:3) To come or go intoThis
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:4) People in general;
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:7) The principal activity in
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea inferred or
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in the given sentence is:2) An anticipated outcome that is intended or
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledgeThis
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the given sentence is:1) Inspire with confidence; give hope
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "young" in the sentence "The purpose of education is to encourage
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "men" in the sentence "The purpose of education is to encourage young
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "women" in the sentence "The purpose of education is to encourage
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "full" in the sentence "The purpose of education is to encourage young
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:3) Associated with
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) The inherent capacity for coming into being
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actually" in the sentence "No one in his right mind actually
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the sentence "No one in his right mind actually believes that we all
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equal" in the given sentence is:1) Having the same quantity, value, or
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:3) Associated with
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) The inherent capacity for coming into being
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "generally" in the given sentence is:3) Usually; as a
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the given sentence is:2) Worth having or seeking or achieving
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rather" in the sentence "It is generally desirable to use older textbooks
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "newer" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ones" in the sentence "It is generally desirable to use older textbooks
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "often" in the sentence "The latter are modish, trendy
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dubious" in the given sentence is:1) Open to
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "psychological" in the given sentence is:1) Of or relating
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rather" in the sentence "They are based on dubious psychological and
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is:1) An explanation of the cause of some
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by 'that') to
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "influence" in the given sentence is:2) The effect of one thing (or
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "wants" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "appreciate" in the given sentence is:2) Be fully
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "just" in the sentence is:6) Indicating exactness or
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "situation" in the given sentence is:2) The general
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "add" in the given sentence is:4) Make an addition by
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "subtract" among the given options is:1) Make a subtraction
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "learning" in the given sentence is:1) Impart skills or
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "basis" in the given sentence is:3) The fundamental assumptions
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) Of or
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "read" in the given sentence is:3) Interpret something that is
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "article" in the given sentence is:2) Nonfictional
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "recent" in the given sentence is:1) Of the immediate
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "major" in the given sentence is:4) The principal field of
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:2) Used to form the superlative
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or valueThis definition
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:11) A building
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principals" in the given sentence is:7) The educator who has executive authority
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the given sentence is:2) Above average in size or number or quantity
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:3) A basis for comparison; a reference point
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the given sentence is:1) The power or right to give orders
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faculty" in the given sentence is:2) The body of teachers and administrators at
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matters" in the given sentence is:4) A vaguely specified concernIn the
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "student" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:2) Used to form the superlative
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tells" in the sentence "Study after study -- the most recent
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `good')
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:11) A building
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "outside" in the given sentence is:9) Functioning outside the
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "interference" in the given sentence is:5) The act of
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governed" in the given sentence is:2) Direct or strongly influence the behavior
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "powerful" in the context of the sentence is:6) Having great influenceIn
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the given sentence is:40) The length or height based on the
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the given sentence is:1) The power or right to give orders
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the sentence "With that authority, of course, goes an unambiguous
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "unambiguous" is:1) Admitting of no doubt or
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Schools" in the given sentence is:11) A building where young people receive
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produce" in the given sentence is:6) Give rise to; cause to happen
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled in an educational
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "higher" in the sentence "Schools that are structured in this
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morale" in the given sentence is:2) The spirit of a group that makes
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "superior" in the given sentence is:2) Of high or superior quality or performance
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:3) Associated with
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the given sentence is:7) The act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ruffled" in the given sentence is:3) Trouble or
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or thingIn the
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "so" in the sentence "This is a fact -- though, in
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publishes" in the given sentence is:1) Prepare and issue for public distribution or
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the sentence "That's what the man had said" is:11
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bleary" in the given sentence is:2) Tired to the point of exhaustion
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the sentence "Haney peered doubtfully at his
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the sentence "He had no ready answer, as much from surprise as from
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ready" in the sentence "He had no ready answer, as much from surprise as from
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (either
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "surprise" in the sentence "He had no ready answer, as
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fit" in the sentence "He had no ready answer, as much from surprise as from
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "Was the man drunk or crazy or both
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drunk" among the given options is:1) As if under
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crazy" in the context of the sentence "Was the man drunk or crazy or
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matched" in the given sentence is:2) Be compatible, similar or consistent; coincide
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingThe
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingThe
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the sentence "But his new-found buddy had matched him drink for drink
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "count" in the sentence "he lost count" is:1) The total number counted
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the sentence "the man's eyes were still clear
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "thought" in the sentence "The guy is off his rocker
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the sentence "The guy is off his rocker
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sightThis definition
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in the given sentence is:9) Emitting or reflecting light readily or in
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the given sentence is:1) Being definitely out of the ordinary and
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:4) High level or degree; the property
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cold" in the sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also bright with a
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is:11) The process of combustion of inflammable
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the sentence "a sort of cold fire burning behind them" is:
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the sentence "Why hadn't he noticed it before?" is:4
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "No, the man was not drunk"
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drunk" in the sentence "No, the man was not drunk" is:1
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger" is
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger"
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remembered" in the sentence "But, of course, he remembered now" is:
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hours" in the sentence "It was blurred, after two hours of
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steady" in the given sentence is:3) Not subject to change or variation especially in
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinking" in the given sentence is:3) The act of drinking alcoholic beverages to
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occasion" in the given sentence is:3) An opportunity to do somethingThe sentence
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "head" in the sentence "The stranger, his head seemingly sunk in
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:2) The process of using your mind to
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:14) LeaveThis definition fits because
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cross" in the given sentence is:1) Travel across or pass overThis definition
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) The part of a thoroughfare between the
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "light" in the given sentence is:17) (physics) electromagnetic radiation that can
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roared" in the given sentence is:1) Make a loud noise, as of
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "intersection" in the given sentence is:5) A junction where
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brakes" in the given sentence is:3) A restraint used to slow or
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "howled" in the given sentence is:3) Cry loudly, as of animals
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "horn" in the given sentence is:5) A device on an
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blared" in the given sentence is:1) Make a loud noiseThe sentence
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:13) Deal a blow to, either with
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called out" in the given sentence is:2) Utter aloud; often with surprise
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "second" in the given sentence is:3) Following the first in
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "done" in the sentence "His shout had been involuntary, something
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cared" in the sentence "As a matter of fact, he wouldn't have cared
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the sentence "As a matter of fact, he wouldn't have cared at
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the sentence "As a matter of fact, he wouldn't have cared at
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regretted" in the given sentence is:1) **Feel remorse for;
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opened" in the given sentence is:2) **Become open**In the context
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mouth" in the given sentence is:7) The opening through which
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stop" in the given sentence is:1) A spot where something halts or pauses
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "angry" in the given sentence is:3) Feeling or showing angerThis definition
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:5) The operator of a motor vehicleThis
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jumped" in the given sentence is:10) Jump down from an elevated point
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cab" in the given sentence is:2) A compartment at the front of a
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet to advance;
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "arm" in the given sentence is:1) A human limb;
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "shoulders" in the given sentence is:4) The part of
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the given sentence is:3) Of long duration; not newThis
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "friend" in the given sentence is:1) A person you know
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:5) The operator of a motor vehicleThis
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:12) Have a beginning, in a
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "curse" in the given sentence is:2) Heap obscenities upon
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plot" in the given sentence is:1) A secret scheme to do something (especially
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ruin" in the given sentence is:3) Destroy completely;
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the given sentence is:8) An extreme attainment; the best (or
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saved" in the given sentence is:5) Save from ruin, destruction, or harm
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:4) Perceive with attention; direct one
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "face" in the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudIn the sentence
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "word" in the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:5) The operator of a motor vehicleThis
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) **Come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swearing" in the given sentence is:7) Utter obscenities or
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the sentence "turned on his heel and went back to his truck
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "heel" in the sentence "turned on his heel and went back
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recalled" in the given sentence is:4) Recall knowledge from memory; have a
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is:1) Have a wish or desire to
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the given sentence is:15) Perceive by sight or have the
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sightThis definition
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "Now he recalled it very clearly, and wondered what the truck
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the sentence "It must have been the sort of look that can call a
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "look" in the sentence "It must have been the sort of look
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bluff" in the sentence "It must have been the sort of
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "saying" in the sentence "It must have been the sort of
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "word" in the sentence "It must have been the sort of look
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "light" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across the
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across the
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went on" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they went on across the
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found out" in the given sentence is:1) Find out, learn, or determine
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is:1) Preferred above all others and treated with
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bars" in the given sentence is:8) A room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "insisted" in the given sentence is:1) **Beg persistently and urgently
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offering" in the given sentence is:8) Make available or accessible, provide or
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "buy" in the given sentence is:2) Obtain by purchase; acquire by means
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingThis
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself" is:2
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept to himself" in the given sentence is:1) Shun the company of
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:2) **Be seated**This definition best
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:9) A place off to the side of
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passing" in the sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nursing" in the given sentence is:1) Maintain (a theory,
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is:1) Preferred above all others and treated with
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the given sentence is:1) Reach, make, or come
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mind" in the sentence "he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:7) A social gathering of guests or companions
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "free" in the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drinks" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" in the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "job" in the given sentence is:7) The occupation for which
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the sentence "Now he wondered if it was worth it, having
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "having" in the sentence "Now he wondered if it was worth it, having a screw
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screwball" in the given sentence is:1) A whimsically eccentric person
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the sentence "He really didn't take the offer seriously, but he
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offer" in the given sentence is:3) Something offered (as a proposal or bid
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "feel" in the sentence "He really didn't take the offer
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "uneasy" in the sentence "He really didn't take the
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:37) Acquire as a result of some
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gave" in the sentence "When he finally got the coughing under control, he realized
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "waiting" in the given sentence is:2) Wait before acting
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (either
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seem" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "wink" in the given sentence is:4) Signal by w
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:9) Do something repeatedly and showing no intention to
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stare" in the given sentence is:1) Fixate one's eyesThis
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weak" in the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:5) Def
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laugh" in the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:4)
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the sentence "Guess I can't think of anyone, Pete" is:
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Thanks" in the sentence "Thanks anyhow" is:1) An acknowledgment of
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faint" in the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows"
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crease" in the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows" is
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeared" in the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows"
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil."
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taking" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meant" in the sentence "I meant it" is:3) Have in mind
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" is:7
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the sentence "I might have got hit by that truck if it was n
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) A large truck designed to carry heavy
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returning" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:14)
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favors" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:4)
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like" is:1
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like" is:4
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cost" in the sentence "It won't cost you a cent, Phil." is:
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "try" in the sentence "Go ahead and try me" is:6) Make an
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rubbed" in the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead wearily" is:1)
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "forehead" in the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead wearily"
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is:**
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woolly" in the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly" is:4
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the sentence "Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exit" in the given sentence is:2) The act of going outThis definition
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the given sentence is:1) Look forward to the probable occurrence of
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the sentence "He really didn't expect anything to come of it"
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of human
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conceded" in the given sentence is:2) Declare to be true or
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "if you must know, I don't get along with the
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keeps" in the sentence "He keeps riding me because I like to listen to the
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "riding" in the given sentence is:10) Be carried or travel on or
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the sentence "He keeps riding me because I like to listen to the radio
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "listen" in the given sentence is:1) Listen and pay attentionThis definition captures
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "radio" in the given sentence is:2) An electronic receiver that
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sing" in the given sentence is:1) Produce tones with the voiceThis
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bath" in the given sentence is:2) A relatively large open
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "says" in the sentence "He says the neighbors complain, but
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "neighbors" in the sentence "He says the neighbors complain, but
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complain" in the sentence "He says the neighbors complain, but I don't believe
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "believe" in the sentence "He says the neighbors complain, but
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tell" in the sentence "Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothers" in the given sentence is:3) Cause annoyance in; disturb, especially
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded"
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "closed" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:17
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is:
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed almost contented
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the sentence "When he looked up again, he seemed almost contented
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Fine" in the sentence "Fine" is:2) An expression of agreement normally occurring
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Give" in the sentence "Give me your address" is:37) Transfer possession
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "address" in the sentence "Give me your address" is:7) The place where
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is:12)
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the sentence "I want to study your landlord's habits and movements
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the sentence "I want to study your landlord's habits and movements
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "habits" in the sentence "I want to study your landlord's habits and movements
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "movements" in the sentence "I want to study your landlord's habits and movements
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident"
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident"
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suicide" in the given sentence is:1) A person who kills himself intentionally
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looks" in the sentence "Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable" is:1
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the sentence "In that way there's no trouble for the customer"
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flew" in the sentence "Haney's eyebrows flew up" is:4)
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:1) Change
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the sentence "It's my line of work," he said is:6
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the sentence "Five minutes later" is:1)
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney could make his break"
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood up" in the given sentence is:6) Rise to one's feetThis
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the given sentence is:2) Lower and raise the head,
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "farewell" in the sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watched" in the given sentence is:1) Follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:3) Limited in size or scopeThis definition
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "wiry" in the given sentence is:3) Lean and sine
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slip" in the given sentence is:3) Pass on stealthilyThis
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "door" in the given sentence is:1) A swinging or sliding
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "felt" in the sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "see" in the sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seemed" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "notice" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "departure" in the given sentence is:2) The act
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the given sentence is:1) Reach, make, or come
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stay" in the given sentence is:1) Continue in a place, position,
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer,
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the sentence "as time passed it seemed as if the strange little man
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the given sentence is:1) Being definitely out of the ordinary and
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the given sentence is:3) (quantifier used with mass nouns)
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:5) A small open container usually used for drinking
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returned" in the given sentence is:8) Go or come back to place,
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "putting" in the sentence "putting the whole incident out of mind" is:
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the given sentence is:5) Including all components without exception; being
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "incident" in the given sentence is:1) A single distinct
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mind" in the sentence "putting the whole incident out of mind
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the sentence "The next day, Sunday, the hangover reminded Haney
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "day" in the sentence "The next day, Sunday, the hang
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hangover" in the given sentence is:3) Disagreeable aftereffects
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminded" in the given sentence is:2) Put in the mind of someone
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:1) The time after sunset
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hangover" in the given sentence is:3) Disagreeable aftereffects
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminded" in the given sentence is:2) Put in the mind of someone
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "went" in the given sentence is:2) Move away from a
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "day" in the given sentence is:6) The time after sun
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:24) Move pastThe sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "alive" in the given sentence is:3) Possessing life
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tenants" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who pays
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An oner
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:2) The period during which
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ignored" in the sentence "Phil shrugged and ignored him" is:3) Give
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the sentence "By Wednesday the landlord was still alive" is:
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mailed" in the given sentence is:2) Send via the postal serviceThis
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "check" in the given sentence is:5) A written order directing a bank to pay
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "maintenance" in the given sentence is:1) Court-ordered support paid by one
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wished" in the given sentence is:3) Feel or express a desire or hope
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the sentence "Of course On Thursday, Haney mailed the monthly check
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Coming" in the sentence "Coming home from work" is:6) Move toward,
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:7) The principal activity in your life that you
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "Coming home from work, he was startled to see a police
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lobby" in the given sentence is:1) A large entrance or reception room or
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talking" in the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excited
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spine" in the given sentence is:3) The series of vertebrae forming the axis
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crawled" in the given sentence is:2) Move slowly; in the case
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "premonition" in the given sentence is:1) An early warning about a future
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:4) Address a question to and expect an
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fellow" in the given sentence is:3) A person who is a member of
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tenants" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who pays
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happened" in the given sentence is:3) Happen, occur, or
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "died" in the sentence "The landlord had died" is:2) Pass from
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "afternoon" in the given sentence is:1) The part of
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fallen" in the given sentence is:4) Descend in free fall under the influence
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the given sentence is:3) A protective covering that covers or forms
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "obscure" in the given sentence is:2) Not clearly
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "witnessed" in the given sentence is:1) Be a witness toThis
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fall" in the given sentence is:14) A movement downwardThis definition best
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful consequence; a strong
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:13) An individual 3-dimensional object that
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smashed" in the given sentence is:1) Damage or destroy as if by
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pavement" in the given sentence is:2) The paved surface of a paved
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basement" in the given sentence is:1) The lowermost portion of a structure
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "delivery" in the given sentence is:7) The act of delivering
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "entrance" in the given sentence is:1) Something that provides
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "noticed" in the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "felt" in the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "blood" in the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drain" in the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cheeks" in the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muttered" in the given sentence is:1) Talk indistinctly; usually
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "terrible" in the given sentence is:2) Exceptionally bad
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "walked" in the sentence "He muttered something about how terrible it
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deliberate" in the given sentence is:1) Characterized by conscious design or
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "slowness" in the sentence "He walked with deliberate slown
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elevator" in the given sentence is:2) Lifting device consisting of a
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poured" in the given sentence is:1) Pour outThis definition fits because
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drink" in the sentence "Once inside his apartment, he poured
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hands" in the sentence "Once inside his apartment, he poured
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flopped" in the given sentence is:1) Fall looselyThe sentence describes
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "chair" in the sentence "Once inside his apartment, he poured a
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothered" in the given sentence is:3) Cause annoyance in; disturb,
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ask" in the sentence "After a while he began to feel better
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "questions" in the given sentence is:2) A sentence of inquiry
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "coincidence" in the given sentence is:2) The temporal
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happy" in the given sentence is:1) Enjoying or showing or marked by
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lousy" in the given sentence is:1) Very badIn the context
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the sentence "After all, the man had no family, so no one
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the given sentence is:6) People descended from a common ancestorThis
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suffered" in the given sentence is:11) Experience (emotional)
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the sentence "Really, he said to himself, nobody kills a man just
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the sentence "Really, he said to himself, nobody kills a man
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "Really, he said to himself, nobody
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the sentence "Really, he said to himself, nobody kills a man
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what I said
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mean" in the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what I said"
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what I said"
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the sentence "The stranger's eyes were large and
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the sentence "The stranger's eyes were large and sad, as if Phil
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sad" in the given sentence is:1) Experiencing or showing sorrow or
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hurt" in the sentence "The stranger's eyes were large and
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dream" in the given sentence is:4) A series of
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dream" in the given sentence is:4) A series of
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "beginning" in the sentence "It was like a recurrent, annoying
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "overtones" in the given sentence is:3) (usually plural
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "nightmare" in the given sentence is:1) A terrifying or
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not a dream"
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dream" in the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not a dream"
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tight" in the sentence "He might be very tight, but he knew where he
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the sentence "He might be very tight, but he knew where he
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:3) Same in identityThis definition captures the
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bar" in the given sentence is:8) A room or establishment where alcoholic drinks are
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:1) The time after sunset
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the sentence "It was the same bar, and it was two weeks later
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "excuse" in the given sentence is:1) A defense of some offensive behavior or
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Take in liquidsThe sentence is
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in the given sentence is:1) Occurring or encountered or experienced or observed
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:2) **Be seated**This definition best
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in the given sentence is:1) Occurring or encountered or experienced or observed
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "corner" in the given sentence is:9) A place off
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the given sentence is:4) Limited or below average in number or quantity
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talkative" in the given sentence is:1) Full of trivial conversationThe sentence
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "friendly" in the given sentence is:1) Inclined
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enjoying" in the given sentence is:3) Derive or receive pleasure from
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:2) Any customary observance or practice
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "washing down" in the given sentence is:1) Eat food accompanied by lots of
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pet" in the given sentence is:1) A fit of petulance or sul
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the given sentence is:2) A resentment strong enough to justify
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bourbon" in the given sentence is:3) Whiskey distilled
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "water" in the given sentence is:2) Binary compound that occurs at room temperature as
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the sentence "This favorite grievance was not the landlord"
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) A complaint about a (real
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forgotten" in the sentence "He had already quite forgotten about him" is:
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mentioned" in the sentence "In fact, he had only mentioned him on the spur of
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "real" in the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly" is:8
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly" is
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "end" in the sentence "Toward the end of his fourth hair
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the sentence "Toward the end of his fourth hairy highball,
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "wet" in the given sentence is:5) Covered or soaked
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rings" in the given sentence is:10) A toroidal shape
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is:4) The lowest part of anythingIn the
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "glass" in the given sentence is:5) A small open container
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "became" in the given sentence is:1) Enter or assume
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aware" in the given sentence is:1) (sometimes followed by 'of') having
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:4) Perceive with attention; direct one
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:2) **Be seated**This definition best
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiling" in the given sentence is:1) Change one's facial expression by spreading
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "secret" in the given sentence is:4) Not open or public; kept private or
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThe sentence implies
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "name" in the given sentence is:6) A language unit by
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the sentence "He hadn't even noticed -- what was his name?
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sit down" in the given sentence is:2) Be seatedThe sentence implies that
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncanny" in the given sentence is:2) Suggesting the operation of supernatural
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "shadow" in the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a shadow, and made
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "noise" in the sentence "The man was uncanny, like
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "shadow" in the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shrinking" in the given sentence is:3) Reduce in size; reduce
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trapped" in the given sentence is:1) Place in a confining or embarrassing
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "corner" in the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in the given sentence is:3) Lean and sinewyThis definition
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out of sight, but he
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out of
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:5) Have a beginning, of a temporal
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the given sentence is:3) Feel or express a desire or hope
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shouted" in the given sentence is:2) Utter a sudden loud cry
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the sentence "He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part of the day (
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bore down" in the given sentence is:3) To make a rush at or
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crossing" in the given sentence is:3) A path (often marked) where
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saddled" in the given sentence is:2) Load or burden; encumber
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "creep" in the given sentence is:5) Someone unpleasantly strange or
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the sentence "He'd have to start going to some of the other places
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "places" in the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "low" in the sentence "In a low voice, almost whispering
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "voice" in the given sentence is:12) Something suggestive of
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is male (
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:4) Address a question to and expect an
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happy" in the given sentence is:1) Enjoying or showing or marked by
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence "In a low voice, almost whispering
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way"
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mistake" in the given sentence is:1) A wrong action attributable to bad judgment
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "answering" in the given sentence is:2) Show a response
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence "He made the mistake of answering in an
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "realized" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "skepticism" in the given sentence is:1) Doubt
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:7) Make visible or noticeableThis definition
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "face" in the sentence "He made the mistake of answering in an
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "voice" in the given sentence is:6) The sound made by
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "became" in the sentence "Pete frowned slightly, then became
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sad" in the sentence "Pete frowned slightly, then became
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "moody" in the sentence "Pete frowned slightly, then became
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "want" in the sentence "Haney didn't want to
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the given sentence is:1) Inspire with confidence; give hope
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization that
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "felt" in the sentence "Haney didn't want to encourage
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "buy" in the given sentence is:2) Obtain by purchase
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) Keep from happening
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "possible" in the sentence "Haney didn't want to encourage
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trouble" in the given sentence is:5) An angry disturbance
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the sentence "But there was no trouble" is:1) A
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the sentence "The guy sulked over his drink, obviously upset by H
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drink" in the sentence "The guy sulked over his drink
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "upset" in the sentence "The guy sulked over his drink
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "appreciation" in the given sentence is:2) An expression
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "break" in the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk"
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncomfortable" in the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence" is:1)
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "silence" in the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence, H
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talk" in the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk"
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drinks" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complaining" in the given sentence is:2) Express complaints, discontent,
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the given sentence is:1) The subject matter of a conversation or discussion
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) A unit of time
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition best
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "interest" in the given sentence is:11) The power of
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:7) Make visible or noticeableIn the
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alert" in the given sentence is:2) (sometimes followed by `of') having
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "face" in the given sentence is:10) The front of
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bright" in the given sentence is:10) Characterized by
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paused" in the given sentence is:1) Cease an action temporarilyThis
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moisten" in the given sentence is:1) Make moistThe sentence "When
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "throat" in the given sentence is:1) The passage to the stomach and
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "broke in" in the given sentence is:4) Break into a conversationThe
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pay" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:4) Give money
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bills" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:9) An
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "men" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "divorce" in the given sentence is:2) Get a divorce; formally terminate a
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bitch" in the sentence "That bitch would love a divorce" is:1
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "love" in the sentence "That bitch would love a divorce" is:1)
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the sentence "Then she 'd get half of everything I have" is
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the sentence "Then she 'd get half of everything I have" is
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the sentence "Then she 'd get half of everything I have" is
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the sentence "Community property deal -- you know" is:3) An
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "business" in the sentence "I 'd have to sell out my
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "share" in the sentence "I'd have to sell out my business
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the sentence "Pete nodded understandingly" is:2)
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "Now I see" is:15) Perceive by
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in the sentence "You must understand, I haven't been in this
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the sentence "You must understand, I haven't been in this state
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is:6) Move
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retire" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is:10
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do a free job now
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "free" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do a free job now
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "job" in the sentence "That's why I -- why I do a free job now
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "told" in the sentence "You should have told me about her before" is:
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "felt" in the sentence "Haney felt a twinge of annoyance
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "twinge" in the given sentence is:2) A sudden sharp feelingIn
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "annoyance" in the sentence "Haney felt a twinge
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the sentence "Haney felt a twinge of annoyance when he heard
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "familiar" in the sentence "Haney felt a twinge of
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wild" in the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouded" in the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain"
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Suppose" in the given sentence is:3) To believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suppose" in the given sentence is:3) To believe especially on uncertain or tentative
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the sentence "Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "professional" in the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:3) Engaged
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killer" in the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:2) Someone who
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nut" in the sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm was done"
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harm" in the sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm was done"
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm was done"
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the sentence "But if he was the real thing, he could do something
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "felt" in the sentence "He felt very cunning, very proud
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cunning" in the given sentence is:1) Marked by skill in deception
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proud" in the given sentence is:1) Feeling self-respect or pleasure in
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "played" in the sentence "He felt very cunning, very proud of himself as he
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "other" in the sentence "He felt very cunning, very proud
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "man" in the sentence "He felt very cunning, very proud
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "soft spot" in the given sentence is:1) A place of
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offense" in the sentence "No offense intended" is:2) A lack of
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intended" in the sentence "No offense intended" is:2) Have in mind
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the sentence "No offense intended," he said gently is:6) Ut
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suspect" in the given sentence is:1) Hold in suspicion; believe to be
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "thing" in the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a thing
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a thing, and I
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the given sentence is:2) The temporal property of two things
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "After all, I didn't know you, Pete"
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is:4)
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "managed" in the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is:2)
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:1) An individual
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hooked" in the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:10) Ent
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:5)
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burned" in the sentence "His eyes burned feverishly" is:1)
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muttered" in the sentence "Yes, yes," he muttered impatiently is:
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the sentence "Of course it looked like an accident" is:1
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "I always work it that way -- and always at a time
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "I always work it that way -- and
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the sentence "I always work it that way -- and always at a time
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alibi" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a defense by an
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Let" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil." is:4) Cons
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prove" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil." is:3) Establ
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the sentence "I think I can manage one more favor for you" is
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the sentence "I think I can manage one more favor for you"
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waited" in the sentence "He waited eagerly" is:2) Wait before acting
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liquor" in the sentence "Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the sentence "Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the sentence "Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rout" in the given sentence is:2) An overwhelming defeatIn the context of
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backed" in the given sentence is:3) Give support or one's approval to
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reminder" in the given sentence is:2) An experience that
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "federal" in the given sentence is:3) National; especially
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "political" in the given sentence is:2) Involving or
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nation" in the given sentence is:1) A politically organized body of people under a
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "choose" in the given sentence is:1) See fit or proper to act in a
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:3) An organization to gain
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "percentage" in the given sentence is:2) A proportion in relation to a whole (
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equals" in the sentence "Now that percentage routinely equals a third and twice has been above
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "As we know, voters tend to favor Republicans more in races
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tend" in the given sentence is:1) Have a tendency or disposition to do
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the given sentence is:3) Promote over anotherIn the
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:4) The younger of
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:2) Any competitionIn the context of
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) The person who holds
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "percentage" in the given sentence is:2) A proportion in relation
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the given sentence is:7) Of greater number or size or amount
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:3) An organization to gain
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the given sentence is:2) Representing or appealing to or adapted for
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vote" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of a
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) The person who holds
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seats" in the given sentence is:2) The legal right
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the given sentence is:2) Representing or appealing to or adapted for
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vote" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of a
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "opposite" in the sentence "Prior to 1932
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accounts for" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?" is:
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?" is:3
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?" is:
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?" is:
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:6) Having few parts; not complex or complicated
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "partial" in the given sentence is:2) Being or affecting only a part; not
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "displayed" in the given sentence is:1) To show, make visible or apparent
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Americans" in the given sentence is:4) A native or inhabitant of the
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "assumptions" in the given sentence is:2) A statement
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "brands" in the given sentence is:6) A name given
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "political" in the given sentence is:2) Involving or
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "agents" in the given sentence is:2) A representative who acts
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "brand" in the given sentence is:6) A name given to
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minimalist" in the given sentence is:2) Advoc
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:7) A politically organized body
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "virtues" in the given sentence is:3) Any admirable quality
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:2) Confined to particular
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "markets" in the given sentence is:6) The world of
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vices" in the given sentence is:3) Moral weakness
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "brand" in the given sentence is:6) A name given to
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "intervention" in the given sentence is:2) Care provided to
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remedy" in the given sentence is:2) Provide relief forIn the context
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "excesses" in the given sentence is:6) Immoder
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "attendant" in the given sentence is:1) Following or accompanying
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pursuit" in the given sentence is:3) A search
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:2) Confined to particular
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "interest" in the given sentence is:6) Something that interests you
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:4) A member of
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "have" in the sentence "Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibilities" in the given sentence is:2) A form of trustworthiness
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "voting" in the given sentence is:2) Express one's
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:2) The actions and activities
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dealing" in the context of the sentence is:6) Take action with respect to
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "issues" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "casting" in the given sentence is:8) Put or send forthIn the
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "legislation" among the given options is:2) An act passed
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "imposes" in the given sentence is:3) Compel
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "costs" in the given sentence is:1) The total spent
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confers" in the given sentence is:2) PresentIn the context of the
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "population" in the given sentence is:4) The number of inhabitants
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attending" in the given sentence is:2) Get down to; pay attention to
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "issues" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "service" in the context of the sentence is:14) An
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:4) A member of
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "belief" in the given sentence is:2) A personal belief or
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minimalist" in the given sentence is:2) Advoc
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:7) A politically organized body
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "willing" in the given sentence is:1) Disposed or
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "engage" in the given sentence is:8) Carry out
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons who compose a social
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the given sentence is:1) A hypothesis that is taken for
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the context of the sentence "If these assumptions hold" is:**3
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:2) Any competitionIn the context of
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the given sentence is:3) Deal with (something unpleasant) head on
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the sentence "If these assumptions hold, voters in races for Congress face what
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given sentence is:2) A positive motivational influenceIn the
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lean" in the given sentence is:4) Have a tendency or disposition to do or
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the given sentence is:1) Representing or appealing to or adapted for
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "put" in the given sentence is:6) Put into a certain place or abstract location
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:3) An administrative unit of
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acquire" in the given sentence is:2) Come into possession ofThis definition
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) Keep from happening or arising; make
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bringing home the bacon" in the given sentence is:2) Attain success or
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comes" in the sentence "Each legislator, after all, is only one out of
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the sentence "Each legislator, after all, is only one out of
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:2) Any competitionThe sentence is discussing
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given sentence is:2) A positive motivational influenceIn the
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lean" in the sentence "In races for the White House, a voter's incentive,
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) The person who holds
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limit" in the given sentence is:1) Place limits on (extent or access
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids or promotes well
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the given sentence is:1) Separate and distinct from others of
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) The person who holds
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given sentence is:2) Has a good chance of being the case
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:4) Able to accomplish a purpose; functioning
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "preventing" in the given sentence is:1) Keep from happening or arising;
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids or promotes well
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the sentence "The individual voter's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the sentence "The individual voter's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enhanced" in the sentence "The individual voter's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:7) Easy and not involved
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explain" in the given sentence is:2) Serve as a reason or cause
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "several" in the sentence "While this theory is exceedingly simple
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "things" in the sentence "While this theory is exceedingly simple
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in the given sentence is:1) Make bigger or moreThis definition
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:**29) Take on a certain form
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present time; no longer
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) The person who holds
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advent" in the given sentence is:1) Arrival that has been awaited
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:1) (government) the system or
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occupied" in the given sentence is:7) Assume, as of positions or roles
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "society" in the given sentence is:1) An extended social group having a
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confronting" in the given sentence is:3) Deal with (something unpleasant)
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:6) People who are believed to belong to
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given sentence is:2) Serve as a reason or cause
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the given sentence is:1) **Protect against a challenge or attack
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disdain" in the given sentence is:1) Lack of respect accompanied by a
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "love" in the given sentence is:1) Have a great affection or liking for
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:4) A member of
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "individual" in the given sentence is:1) Concerning one person exclusively
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constituents" in the given sentence is:2) A member of a constituency;
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appreciate" in the given sentence is:2) Be fully aware of; realize
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specific" in the given sentence is:2) (sometimes followed by 'to') applying
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "wins" in the given sentence is:1) Win something through
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "overall" in the given sentence is:1) Including everything
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cost" in the given sentence is:3) Value measured by what
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform an
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggests" in the given sentence is:2) Call to mindIn the
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" in the given sentence is:2) Estimated by comparison; not absolute or
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the sentence "have lower security in office" is:7) Have or
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:6) A job in an
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons who compose a social
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vulnerable" in the given sentence is:3) Sus
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "become" in the sentence "For example, first-term - term
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "immune" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by 'to') not
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) An unsuccessful ending
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exception" in the given sentence is:2) An instance that does not conform to a
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trend" in the given sentence is:4) A general direction
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) An unsuccessful ending to a struggle or
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "freshman" in the given sentence is:2) A first-year undergraduateIn
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brought" in the given sentence is:5) Cause to come into a particular state
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:6) A job in an
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "revolution" in the given sentence is:4) A drastic and
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "running" in the given sentence is:**8) Be operating, running or functioning**
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "freshmen" in the given sentence is:2) A first-year undergraduateThis
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placed" in the given sentence is:14) Put into a certain place or abstract
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "emphasis" in the given sentence is:2) Special importance or
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is:3) Distribute or disperse widelyThis
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "revolution" in the given sentence is:4) A drastic and
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicates" in the given sentence is:1) Give evidence ofThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attracting" in the given sentence is:2) Be attractive toThis definition
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:6) A job in an
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Potential" in the given sentence is:1) Expected to become or be; in
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "candidates" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who is
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discouraged" in the given sentence is:2) Deprive of courage or
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "running" in the given sentence is:**42) Run, stand, or compete
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "prospect" in the given sentence is:3) The possibility of
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) An unsuccessful ending
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "opponent" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who offers
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to which something
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) Expected to become or be; in
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "works" in the given sentence is:14) Have an effect or outcome; often
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hindered" in the given sentence is:2) Put at a disadvantageThis
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attempts" in the given sentence is:2) Earnest and conscientious activity
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competitive" in the given sentence is:3) Involving competition or competitiveness
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slate" in the given sentence is:4) A list of candidates nominated by a
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "partial" in the given sentence is:1) Constituting or comprising a part or fraction
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:1) An explanation of the
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to which something
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "held" in the given sentence is:**27) Have or possess, either in
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "share" in the given sentence is:3) The allotment
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "power" in the given sentence is:7) Possession of controlling
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "able" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "translate" in the given sentence is:8) Restate (words
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "strong" in the given sentence is:8) Characterized by or
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given sentence is:2) A positive motivational influenceIn the
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keep" in the given sentence is:10) Allow to remain in a place or
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:3) A member
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:6) A job in an
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggests" in the given sentence is:2) Call to mindIn the
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fared" in the given sentence is:1) Proceed or get alongIn
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:2) Any competitionIn the context of
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "campaigns" in the given sentence is:3) A race between candidates for elective
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "chamber" in the given sentence is:6) A deliberative
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "expect" in the given sentence is:5) Consider reasonable or due
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "willing" in the given sentence is:1) Disposed or
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the given sentence is:8) Carry out or participate in an
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "counterparts" in the given sentence is:2) A person or
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "empirical" in the context of the sentence "Is there any empirical support for this theory
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "Is there any empirical support for this theory?"
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pieces" in the given sentence is:10) An instance of some kindThis
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes something evident
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given sentence is:2) A statement that is assumed to be
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in the given sentence is:1) Disposed or inclined towardThis
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the given sentence is:8) Carry out or participate in an
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colleagues" in the given sentence is:1) An associate that one works with
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "First" in the given sentence is:2) Before another in time, space, or
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:8) Establish after a calculation, investigation,
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the given sentence is:2) Concerning or affecting a particular person or his
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" in the given sentence is:5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying out
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:1) A sum of money allocated for a
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:3) A member
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to which something
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "primary" in the given sentence is:3) Of first rank or
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duty" in the given sentence is:1) Work that you are obliged to perform
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:2) Concerning or affecting a
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" in the given sentence is:5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying out
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involves" in the given sentence is:2) Require as useful, just
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicates" in the given sentence is:1) Give evidence ofThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "political" in the given sentence is:2) Involving or
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "philosophy" in the given sentence is:2) A comprehensive
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leads" in the given sentence is:14) Cause to undertake a certain action
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "narrow" in the given sentence is:4) Limited in size
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "constituent" in the given sentence is:2) A member
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the given sentence is:2) Something that interests you because it is
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given sentence is:2) A statement that is assumed to be
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "valid" in the given sentence is:1) Well grounded in logic or truth or having
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:3) A member
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of being present (at
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rates" in the given sentence is:1) A quantity or amount or measure considered as
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to which something
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reflect" in the given sentence is:2) Give evidence of
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devote" in the given sentence is:2) Set aside or apart for a specific
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicate" in the given sentence is:1) Give evidence ofThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the sentence "This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly in the case
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "attendance" in the given sentence is:2) The frequency with
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) A quantity or amount or measure considered as
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "attendance" in the given sentence is:2) The frequency with
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) A quantity or amount or measure considered as
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the given sentence is:5) Provide evidence forThe sentence is saying
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:6) A set of data
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:3) A member
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "proportion" in the given sentence is:4) The relation between
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:2) Concerning or affecting a
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staffs" in the given sentence is:5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "offices" in the given sentence is:4) **Place of
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duties" in the given sentence is:1) Work that you are obliged to
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "activities" in the given sentence is:5) Any specific behaviorThis definition captures the
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" in the given sentence is:2) Estimated by comparison; not absolute or
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "offices" in the given sentence is:4) **Place of
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "examination" in the given sentence is:3) The act of
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "changes" in the given sentence is:9) A relational difference between
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:2) Concerning or affecting a
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "decisions" in the given sentence is:3) A position
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "control" in the given sentence is:4) The state that exists
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:3) A group of persons
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:3) An organization to gain
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reveals" in the given sentence is:2) Make known to the public information
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:2) Concerning or affecting a
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "differences" in the given sentence is:1) A variation
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noted" in the given sentence is:1) Make mention ofThe sentence is
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:6) A set of data
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attributed" in the given sentence is:2) Attribute or credit toIn the
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "control" in the given sentence is:4) The state that exists
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:3) A member
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exercise" in the given sentence is:4) Put to useIn the context
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "status" in the given sentence is:1) The relative position or standing of things or
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "resources" in the given sentence is:2) A source of aid
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group deleg
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "staff" in the given sentence is:5) Personnel who assist their
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:12) A share of somethingIn the
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes something evident
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "holding" in the given sentence is:**19) Be pertinent or relevant or applicable
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:8) Anything that contributes
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "constant" in the given sentence is:1) Not subject or susceptible
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "incumbency" among the given options is:1) The term
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "regional" in the given sentence is:1) Related or limited
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:8) Anything that contributes
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:2) The number that remains after subtraction;
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the given sentence is:2) Representing or appealing to or adapted for
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "states" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conducting" in the given sentence is:6) Behave in a certain manner;
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given sentence is:7) Be shown or be found to
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "positive" in the given sentence is:2) Reckoned,
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:4) A relation such that
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An oner
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "progressive" in the given sentence is:6) (of taxes
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hits" in the given sentence is:11) Affect or afflict suddenly
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given sentence is:7) Greater than normal in degree or intensity
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "states" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Put" in the given sentence is:2) Cause to be in a certain state;
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) The person who holds
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked on" in the given sentence is:1) Observe with attentionThis definition
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "severe" in the given sentence is:2) Very bad in degree or extent
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the sentence "Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar or comparable in kind or
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "federal" in the given sentence is:3) National; especially
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lines" in the sentence "State government is more typically split along Republican-governor /
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reverse" in the given sentence is:2) A relation of direct oppositionIn the
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "investigation" in the given sentence is:1) The work of inquiring into
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reveals" in the given sentence is:2) Make known to the public information
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "holding" in the context of the sentence is:**19) Be pertinent or relevant
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:8) Anything that contributes
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "constant" in the given sentence is:1) Not subject or susceptible
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "difference" in the given sentence is:2) The number that
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the given sentence is:7) Greater in number or size or amount
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:3) An organization to gain
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vote" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of a
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "going" in the sentence is:3) Give support (to)
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "share" in the given sentence is:3) The allotment
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "house" in the context of the sentence is:18) An
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "positive" in the given sentence is:2) Reckoned,
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:4) A relation such that
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "federal" in the given sentence is:3) National; especially
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:4) An abstract place usually conceived as having
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence "In sum, at both the federal and
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "irrational" in the given sentence is:1) Not consistent with
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:3) (behavioral attributes) the
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in the given sentence is:1) To show, make visible or apparent
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rational" in the given sentence is:1) Consistent with or
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "long" in the sentence "In the long, frightening night after Tuesday
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) The time after sunset and before sunrise
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devastating" in the given sentence is:1) Cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earthquake" in the given sentence is:1) Shaking and vibration at the
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "residents" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who lives at a particular place
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "searched" in the given sentence is:2) Try to locate or discover, or
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "comfort" in the given sentence is:4) Satisfaction or physical
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solace" in the given sentence is:2) Comfort in disappointment or misery
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "screen" in the sentence "Some found it on the screen of a
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the sentence "Hundreds of Californians made their way to
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for performing calculations automatically
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "link" in the given sentence is:3) Be or become joined or united or linked
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for performing calculations automatically
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vivid" in the given sentence is:1) Having the clarity
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the given sentence is:11) **Be received**The sentence is
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "electronic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subscribers" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who contracts to receive and
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the sentence "About two-thirds of the Well's 3,00
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hours" in the sentence "The quake knocked The Well out for
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the sentence "when it came back up" is:1) Start running
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teemed" in the given sentence is:2) Be teeming, be ab
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emotional" in the given sentence is:1) Of or pertaining to emotionThis
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "electronic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to electronics; concerned
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "traffic" in the given sentence is:1) The aggregation of things (pedest
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:8) A period of time considered as a resource
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Time" in the given sentence is:8) A period of time considered as a resource
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subscribers" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who contracts to receive and
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "identify" in the given sentence is:4) Recognize
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "avenues" in the given sentence is:1) A line of approachIn the
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the given sentence is:3) Of long duration; not newThis
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "heart" in the given sentence is:7) The locus of feelings
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fallen" in the given sentence is:**26) Be cast down**This definition
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poster" in the given sentence is:3) A sign posted in a public place
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frames" in the given sentence is:14) A framework that supports and protects a
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) A brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as of
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "open" in the given sentence is:3) Affording unobstructed entrance and
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as of
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole, waiting for
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole, waiting for
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole, waiting for the
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole, waiting for the
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:5) Perceive by a physical sensation, e
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "begin" in the given sentence is:5) **Have a beginning
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glanced" in the given sentence is:2) Throw a glance at; take a
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:1) Nearest in space or position; immediately
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the given sentence is:1) Change one's facial expression by spreading
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guilty" in the given sentence is:1) Responsible for or chargeable with
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouthed" in the given sentence is:3) Articulate silently; form
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "words" in the given sentence is:9) A unit of language
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth-quake" in the given sentence is:1) Shaking and vibration at the
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "long" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the tembl
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pass" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the temblors
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:1) An instance or single
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence "This time, it just got stronger and then the building started
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:5) Begin or set in motionThis
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:8) Shake or vibrate rapidly and
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "child" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of either sexThis
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "toy" in the given sentence is:5) An artifact designed to be played with
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "block" in the given sentence is:7) A three-dimensional shape with six square or
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tossed" in the given sentence is:4) Move or stir about violently
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "library" in the given sentence is:6) A building that houses a collection of books
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the sentence "I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit" is
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "endless" in the given sentence is:2) Continuing in time or space without
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seconds" in the sentence "Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondering" in the given sentence is:1) Have a wish or desire to
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "windows" in the given sentence is:5) A framework of wood or metal that contains
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "buckle" in the given sentence is:2) Fold or collapseIn the
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shower" in the given sentence is:4) Rain abundantlyIn the context
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the sentence "Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "books" in the sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fell" in the sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading room" is
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paint" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shop" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fire" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sent" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cloud" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "black" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "smoke" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "air" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the sentence "My younger daughter and I are fine" is:3)
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger" is
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shook" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger"
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like hell" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger"
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger"
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "getting" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger"
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploding" in the given sentence is:6) Cause to burst with a violent release
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the given sentence is:11) Destroy by fireThis definition
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "things" in the sentence "Except for the gas tank at Hust
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peaceful" in the given sentence is:1) Not disturbed by strife or
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:3)
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "car" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:2)
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alarms" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:3
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went off" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:4
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cats" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous"
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is:3)
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nervous" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is:
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the sentence "Huge fire from broken gas main in the Marina in SF
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fill" in the sentence "Areas that are made of `fill'liquefy
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liquefy" in the given sentence is:1) Make (a solid substance)
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `to') having
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walk" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet to advance; advance
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:5) A framework of wood or metal that contains
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "floor" in the sentence "A woman in a three-story apartment was
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the given sentence is:5) A thoroughfare (usually including sidewal
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:6) A flat surface at right angles to a
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is:
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ground" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is:
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driving" in the given sentence is:**5) Operate or control a vehicle
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) **Come to a halt, stop
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "red light" in the given sentence is:1) The signal to stopIn the
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:5) The intersection of two streetsThis
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:16) Hit against; come into sudden contact
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:1) Follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the given sentence is:2) Move or swing back and forth
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drive" in the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ft." in the sentence "Was 300 ft. out on a pier in
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pier" in the sentence "Was 300 ft. out on a pier in
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dramatic" in the sentence "It flopped all around, real dramatic!"
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hairline" in the sentence "Many hairline cracks in the concrete slabs afterwards"
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cracks" in the sentence "Many hairline cracks in the concrete slabs afterwards"
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ruined" in the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!" is:3) Destroy
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damn" in the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!" is:1) Ex
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the sentence "I rode it out on the second floor of Leo's at
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "floor" in the sentence "I rode it out on the second floor
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking"
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parts" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking" is
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cracking" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head cracking
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is:5
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "die" in the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is:2)
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decide" in the sentence "I couldn't decide if I should come home to Marin
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the sentence "I couldn't decide if I should come home to Marin,
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "home" in the sentence "I couldn't decide if I should come
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the sentence "I couldn't decide if I should come home to Marin,
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stilts" in the given sentence is:1) One of two stout poles with
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the sentence "I decided to brave the storm" is:1)
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "smell" in the given sentence is:4) The sensation that
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gas" in the given sentence is:1) A volatile flammable mixture of hydrocarbons
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the sentence "There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crossing" in the given sentence is:1) Travel across or pass overThis
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "I could also see the clouds across the bay from the horrible
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouds" in the given sentence is:1) A visible mass of water or ice
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bay" in the sentence "I could also see the clouds across the
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fire" in the sentence "I could also see the clouds across the
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the sentence "I have felt many aftershocks" is:5)
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "back" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and my
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hands" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the sentence "My back is still in knots and my hands are still
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just be
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just be
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the sentence "I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the sentence "I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is:
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening"
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:2) A projecting part where two sides or
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:4) Mar or spoil the appearance of
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the given sentence is:5) (used especially of persons) having lived
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lady" in the given sentence is:2) A polite name for any woman
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the given sentence is:5) (used especially of persons) having lived
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mother" in the given sentence is:6) A woman who has
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Books" in the sentence "Books and software everywhere" is:7
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typed" in the sentence "This being typed in a standing position" is:2
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "standing" in the sentence "This being typed in a standing position"
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "position" in the sentence "This being typed in a standing position"
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bird" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Duck" in the sentence "Duck swarms" is:4) Small wild
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swarms" in the sentence "Duck swarms" is:1) A group
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago"
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seconds" in the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "numb" in the sentence "I'm just numb" is:2) Lacking
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the sentence "Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence "Downtown Bolinas seems to be the
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "town" in the sentence "Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phones" in the given sentence is:2) A hand-held mobile radiotelephone
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mess" in the given sentence is:7) A state of confusion
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wine" in the given sentence is:1) Fermented juice (of grapes
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "floors" in the given sentence is:8) The inside
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "big" in the sentence "No power, minimal phones, and a
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the given sentence is:3) Of long duration; not newThis
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quivers" in the given sentence is:3) Case for holding arrowsThe sentence
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something is shel
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) A unit of time
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "unpredictable" in the given sentence is:2) Not capable
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intervals" in the given sentence is:1) A definite length of time marked off
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouse" in the given sentence is:1) Brownish-grey Old World mouse now
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "living" in the given sentence is:4) Inhabit or live in;
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the sentence "The quivers move through my house every few minutes at
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "refuge" in the given sentence is:2) A shelter from danger or hardship
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distressed" in the given sentence is:4) Afflicted with or marked by
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolled" in the sentence "I was in Stinson Beach when the quake rolled through
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "town" in the sentence "I was in Stinson Beach when the quake rolled through
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "things" in the given sentence is:10) A vaguely
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence "Then as things got rougher" is:23)
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ran" in the given sentence is:42) Run, stand, or compete for
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "door" in the given sentence is:1) A swinging or sliding
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spent" in the given sentence is:2) Pass time in a specific way
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:2) Immediately following in time or orderIn
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) A unit of time
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:1) Follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brick" in the given sentence is:2) Rectangular block of clay baked by
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "feet" in the given sentence is:11) The part
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flowers" in the given sentence is:3) A plant cultivated for its blooms
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the given sentence is:1) Move in a wavy pattern or
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rhythm" in the given sentence is:4) Recurring at
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Amazing" in the given sentence is:2) Inspiring awe or admiration or wonder
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "does" in the sentence "Amazing what it does to one's heart rate and one
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the sentence "Amazing what it does to one's heart rate and one
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the sentence "Amazing what it does to one's heart rate and one
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the sentence "Everyone looked calm" is:5) Have a certain
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calm" in the given sentence is:2) Not agitated; without losing self-
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "surreal" in the given sentence is:2) Characterized by
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "low" in the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was this
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "level" in the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was this
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confusion" in the given sentence is:4) A mental state characterized by a lack
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:8) Continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:1) The time after sunset
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform an
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:4) The particular auditory effect
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "lights" in the given sentence is:15) The visual effect
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friend" in the given sentence is:1) A person you know well and regard with
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "underground" in the given sentence is:1) Under the level of the ground
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computer" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for performing calculations automaticallyThis
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "center" in the sentence "A friend of mine was in an underground computer center in downtown
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the sentence "A friend of mine was in an underground computer center in downtown
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the sentence "He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for performing calculations automatically
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sliding" in the given sentence is:2) Move smoothly along a surfaceThis
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "floor" in the sentence "He said that one of the computers took
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present moment (
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of human
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the sentence "Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:7) The experience of being alive; the course
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence "I got home" is:37) Acquire as
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters for
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "let" in the sentence "I got home, let the dogs into the house" is
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Canis
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something is shel
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounds" in the given sentence is:4) The particular auditory effect produced by a
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the given sentence is:24) The upper part of the human body
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walking" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet to advance;
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the given sentence is:3) A protective covering that covers or forms
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the sentence "Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "car" in the given sentence is:2) A motor vehicle with four wheels; usually
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bouncing" in the sentence "Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the sentence "I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the sentence "I realized what was happening and screamed into the house
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screamed" in the sentence "I realized what was happening and screamed into the house
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the sentence "I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the sentence "I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "doors" in the given sentence is:1) A swinging or sliding
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feet" in the given sentence is:1) A linear unit of length equal to
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dog" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:12) Occupy a place or location,
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:1) Follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "outside" in the given sentence is:3) Relating to or
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dance" in the given sentence is:2) Skip, leap, or move up
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the given sentence is:2) Move away from a place into another direction
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:12) Occupy a place or location,
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something is shel
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:2) Wait before actingIn the sentence
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "praying" in the given sentence is:1) Call upon in supplication;
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:4) An environment offering affection
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the sentence "When I realized it was over, I went and stood out
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the sentence "Never in my life have I been so
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saw" in the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 880 and
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pictures" in the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 880 and
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 880 and
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cry" in the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 880 and
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural)
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "walking around" in the given sentence is:2) Walk with
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drinking" in the given sentence is:4) Take in liquids
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting down" in the given sentence is:2) Be seatedThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meet" in the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clients" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who pays for goods or services
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" in the given sentence is:3) A pair who associate with one another
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof and walls
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the given sentence is:8) Shake or vibrate rapidly and
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flimsy" in the given sentence is:2) Lacking solidity or strength
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:5) The manner of construction of something and the
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "built" in the sentence "It's a flimsy structure, built up on supports
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "supports" in the given sentence is:7) Supporting structure that holds up or provides
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rocking" in the given sentence is:1) Move back and forth or sideways
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment" is
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breathing" in the given sentence is:9) Draw air into, and exp
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moment" in the given sentence is:2) An indefinitely short timeIn the sentence
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment, and
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coming" in the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment, and then
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first session!"
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "session" in the given sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first session
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) A source of difficultyThe sentence
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the given sentence is:3) Primary social group; parents and children
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spent" in the sentence "spent a really horrible hour not knowing" is:
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hour" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knowing" in the sentence "spent a really horrible hour not knowing" is:
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the sentence "Judy and I were in our back yard when the
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolling" in the sentence "Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ocean" in the sentence "Judy and I were in our
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waves" in the sentence "Judy and I were in our back yard when the
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ran" in the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame" is:
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something is shel
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame" is:
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame, but the
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is:2) Shaking or trembling (usually
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "threw" in the sentence "the next tremor threw me in the air and bounced me
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "air" in the given sentence is:5) A mixture of gases (especially oxygen)
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bounced" in the given sentence is:2) Spring back; spring away from an
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the given sentence is:6) Make an effort or attemptThe
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the sentence "We are all fine here, although Mame was extremely fre
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:3) Cont
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crystal" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:4)
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Books" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room"
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tapes" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room" is:2
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "room" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room"
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "thing" in the sentence "Not one thing in the house is where
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "house" in the sentence "Not one thing in the house is where
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:5) The manner of construction of something and the
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the given sentence is:3) Being satisfactory or in satisfactory conditionIn
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:12) Occupy a place or location,
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:2) Wait before actingThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is:3) Shaking and vibration at the
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerging" in the given sentence is:2) **Come up to the surface
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ground" in the sentence "While I was standing on the lawn with
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amazing" in the sentence "It's amazing how one second can so completely change your
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "second" in the sentence "It's amazing how one second can so
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the sentence "It's amazing how one second can so completely change your life
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the sentence "It's amazing how one second can so
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guess" in the given sentence is:2) Expect, believe, or supposeIn
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "living" in the given sentence is:1) Lead a certain kind of life;
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:2) Wait before actingThe sentence suggests
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the sentence "It's hard to accept that it's over and only took
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accept" in the sentence "It's hard to accept that it's over and only took
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the sentence "It's hard to accept that it's over and only took
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seconds" in the sentence "It's hard to accept that it's
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wonder" in the sentence "I wonder when we 'll be able to relax"
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the sentence "I wonder when we 'll be able to relax" is
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relax" in the sentence "I wonder when we 'll be able to relax"
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flesh" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight"
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight"
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "flight" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fight" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight"
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Nausea" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom" is
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "seems" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commonplace" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom" is:
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "symptom" in the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace symptom" is
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "quiet" in the sentence "Berkeley very quiet right now" is
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the sentence "I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the sentence "I walked along Shattuck between Delaware
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "morning" in the sentence "I walked along Shattuck between
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Next" in the given sentence is:1) Nearest in space or position; immediately
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bundled" in the given sentence is:1) Make into a bundleIn the
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "blue" in the given sentence is:4) Of the color intermediate
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sat up" in the given sentence is:2) Change to an upright sitting position
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudIn the sentence,
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the given sentence is:1) Change one's facial expression by spreading
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudIn the sentence,
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "great" in the given sentence is:1) Very goodThe sentence describes the homeless
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by 'with')
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agreed" in the sentence "I agreed" is:3) Consent or
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to reduce emissions" is
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plan" in the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to reduce emissions" is
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the context of the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:2) The weather in
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "focus" in the given sentence is:4) The concentration of attention
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given sentence is:3) Writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reductions" in the given sentence is:6) The act of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:2) The period of time
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An oner
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "term" in the given sentence is:7) A limited period of
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:2) The main body of a written work (
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "basis" in the given sentence is:3) The fundamental assumptions
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obstacles" in the given sentence is:1) An obstruction that stands in the
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "path" in the given sentence is:2) A course of conductIn the context
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of moving forward (as
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiation" in the given sentence is:2) The activity or business of negotiating
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leaders" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rules or guides or
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:2) The main body of a written work (
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:1) The most common medium
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in the given sentence is:2) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the given sentence is:7) A limited period of timeIn the
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "range" in the given sentence is:10) A set containing all points (or
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "options" in the given sentence is:2) One of a number of things from which
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the given sentence is:2) A sentence of inquiry that asks for a
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upper limit" in the given sentence is:2) The largest possible quantityIn the
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "temperature" in the given sentence is:3) The degree of hotness or coldness
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rise" in the given sentence is:4) A movement upwardThis definition best captures
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the sentence "It gives a lot of flexibility to the process" is:
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flexibility" in the given sentence is:1) The quality of being adaptable or
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the given sentence is:14) A way of doing something, especially
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Washington" in the given sentence is:4) The capital of the
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representative" in the given sentence is:1) An advocate who represents someone else's
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:3) Writing that provides information
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "negotiation" in the given sentence is:2) The activity
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "text" in the given sentence is:1) The words of something
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:2) The weather in
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "official" in the given sentence is:2) A worker who holds or is invested with
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "picture" in the given sentence is:13) A visual representation
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outlines" in the given sentence is:1) A schematic or preliminary planThis
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:1) A substance that is emitted or released
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "period" in the given sentence is:9) A limited period of
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:1) A substance that is emitted or released
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:2) The period of time
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "flood" in the given sentence is:7) The rising of
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "drought" in the given sentence is:2) A prolonged shortage
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:5) A category of things distinguished by some common
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:2) The weather in
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "envoy" in the given sentence is:3) Someone sent on a mission to represent
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cuts" in the given sentence is:19) The act of reducing the amount or
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "emissions" in the given sentence is:1) A substance that
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in the given sentence is:2) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "move" in the given sentence is:4) The act of deciding to do something
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Bush administration" in the given sentence is:2) The executive
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:2) A worker who holds or is invested
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:2) The main body of a written work (
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cuts" in the given sentence is:19) The act of reducing the amount or
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "observers" in the given sentence is:3) An expert who
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comments" in the given sentence is:2) A statement that expresses a personal opinion or
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hour" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "America" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:2) The weather in
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:6) Everything that exists anywhere
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battle" in the given sentence is:3) An open clash between two opposing groups
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "economies" in the given sentence is:2) The system
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obligations" in the given sentence is:1) The social force that binds you
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "nations" in the given sentence is:1) A politically organized
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:8) People in general considered
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "imperative" in the given sentence is:2) Some duty that is essential and urgent
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "costs" in the given sentence is:3) Value measured by what must be given
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Central America" among the given options is:2) The nations of
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who takes part in an activity
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons who compose a social
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draft" in the given sentence is:13) A preliminary sketch of a design
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposal" in the given sentence is:1) Something proposed (such as a plan
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "morning" in the given sentence is:4) The time period
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "climate" in the given sentence is:2) The weather in
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "negotiations" in the given sentence is:1) A discussion
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) As the agent of or on someone
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:6) The state of demanding
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the given sentence is:14) A way of doing something, especially
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "urgency" in the given sentence is:3) Pressing importance requiring speedy action
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived at
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:2) A worker who holds or is invested
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minister" in the given sentence is:2) A person appointed to a high office in
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planes" in the given sentence is:3) An aircraft that has a fixed wing and
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "halls" in the given sentence is:7) A large building for meetings or entertainment
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meetings" in the given sentence is:7) A formally arranged gatheringThis
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a right (as
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "gathering" in the given sentence is:3) The social act
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural)
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "day" in the given sentence is:9) The recurring hours when
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "shows" in the given sentence is:3) The act of
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "draft" in the given sentence is:10) A document
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "proposals" in the given sentence is:1) Something proposed
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "paper" in the given sentence is:6) A medium for written
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) A demanding or
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:4) High level or degree; the property
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministers" in the given sentence is:2) A person appointed to a high office
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heavyweights" in the sentence "The heavyweights are coming" is:2)
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Israel" in the sentence "Baskonia gives away a victory in Israel" is:
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "losses" in the given sentence is:6) The number of
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "performance" in the given sentence is:7) The act of performing
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "points" in the given sentence is:17) A unit of
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "top" in the given sentence is:4) The highest level or
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "absences" in the given sentence is:1) The state of
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) The act of sharing in the
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sidelines" in the given sentence is:3) A line that marks the side boundary
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:4) Your overall circumstances or condition in life (
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "triumph" in the given sentence is:2) A successful
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "favor" in the sentence "The game started out in favor of
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baskets" in the given sentence is:1) A score in basketball made by
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perimeter" in the given sentence is:2) The size of something as given by
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculation" in the given sentence is:1) A hypothesis that has been formed by
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "scorers" in the given sentence is:3) A player
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "end" in the sentence "English and Teletovic were the main
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "quarter" in the given sentence is:15) (football
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:10) Use of physical or mental energy;
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "whistles" in the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "return" in the given sentence is:8) A coming to or
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:10) The country or state or city where
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "lead" in the given sentence is:5) (sports)
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "points" in the given sentence is:17) A linear unit
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "points" in the given sentence is:17) A linear unit
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:2) The dark part of
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:6) The state of demanding
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "couple" in the given sentence is:5) A small indefinite
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "plays" in the given sentence is:9) A preset plan of
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "help" in the given sentence is:3) A person who contributes
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "lead" in the given sentence is:15) **The introductory
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "quarter" in the given sentence is:15) (football
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) A unit of time
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the sentence "However, Pnini and Eidson, the best
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:8) A period of time
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "season" in the given sentence is:6) A period of the
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Wall Street" in the given sentence is:2) Used to all
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dollar" in the sentence "Wall Street closes without momentum, slowed
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heading" in the given sentence is:2) A line of text serving to indicate what
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "market" in the given sentence is:4) The securities markets in
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicators" in the given sentence is:6) A number or ratio (a value
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dollar" in the given sentence is:2) The basic monetary
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figures" in the given sentence is:14) A visual representation (of an
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "predominance" in the given sentence is:2) The state of being predominant over
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "market" in the given sentence is:4) The securities markets in
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "volumes" in the given sentence is:5) A relative amount
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:16) A special set of circumstancesIn
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "end" in the sentence "It remains within a narrow margin; trading
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trend" in the given sentence is:4) A general direction in which something tends
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publication" in the given sentence is:3) The communication of something to the public
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicators" in the given sentence is:6) A number or ratio (a value
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "market" in the given sentence is:4) The securities markets in
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relation" in the given sentence is:4) (usually plural) mutual dealings or
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recovery" in the given sentence is:3) Gradual healing (through rest)
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) An expert
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "month" in the given sentence is:2) One of the twelve
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "row" in the given sentence is:5) A continuous chronological succession without an interruption
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confidence" in the given sentence is:3) Freedom from doubt; belief in yourself
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "month" in the given sentence is:2) One of the twelve
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "estimates" in the given sentence is:4) An approximate calculation of quantity or degree
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "index" in the given sentence is:3) A number or ratio (a value on
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "indices" in the given sentence is:3) A number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rise" in the given sentence is:10) Increase in price
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dollar" in the given sentence is:2) The basic monetary
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given sentence is:8) A lofty level or position or degree
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the given sentence is:7) A force that compelsIn the
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) A particular aspect
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given sentence is:2) The general state of things;
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the sentence "Technology securities have thereby lost some ground" is:
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ground" in the sentence "Technology securities have thereby lost some ground" is:3
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Treasury" in the given sentence is:3) Negoti
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bond" in the context of the sentence is:10) A certificate of debt (
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yields" in the context of the sentence is:3) Income (at invoice values
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part of the day (
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bond" in the context of the sentence is:10) A certificate of debt (
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yields" in the context of the sentence is:3) Income (at invoice values
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part of the day (
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the sentence "Iraqi Oil Ministry reaches deals with 10
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the given sentence is:4) Something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "violence" in the given sentence is:2) An act of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instability" in the given sentence is:2) The quality or attribute of being unstable
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:1) (government) the system or
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "auctions" in the given sentence is:1) The public sale of something to the
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Russia" in the given sentence is:3) A federation in northeastern Europe and northern Asia
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "oil" in the given sentence is:2) A dark oil
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned to or required
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 10 years
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "war" in the given sentence is:4) The waging of
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sanctions" in the given sentence is:5) Formal and explicit
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stakes" in the given sentence is:5) (law) a right or legal
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:12) Extensive tract of level open land
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "auction" in the given sentence is:1) The public sale of something to the
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bid" in the sentence "The only one that submitted a bid lost" is:4
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the sentence "Two American companies reached deals for fields auctioned in June
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the sentence "Two American companies reached deals for fields auctioned in June"
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representation" in the given sentence is:3) The act of representing; standing in
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "oil" in the given sentence is:2) A dark oil
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "giants" in the given sentence is:4) An unusually large
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) An expert who studies financial data
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "doors" in the given sentence is:4) The entrance (the
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "war" in the given sentence is:3) An active struggle between
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "editor" in the given sentence is:1) A person responsible for the editorial aspects of
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "news" in the given sentence is:1) Information about recent and
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outlet" in the given sentence is:4) An opening that permits escape or release
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the given sentence is:4) Something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "security" in the given sentence is:2) Measures taken as a precaution against theft
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bombings" in the given sentence is:1) The use of bombs for sabotage
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instability" in the given sentence is:2) The quality or attribute of being unstable
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:6) Everything that exists anywhere
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who is skilled at analyzing
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:16) A special set of circumstancesIn
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:1) (government) the system or
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "energy" in the given sentence is:7) Any source of usable powerIn the
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministry" in the given sentence is:2) A government department under the direction of
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ties" in the given sentence is:6) A social or business relationshipIn the
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between two or more
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bid" in the given sentence is:6) Propose a paymentIn the context
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between two or more
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization that
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stakes" in the given sentence is:5) (law) a right or legal
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between two or more
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:8) A geographic region (land or sea)
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "power" in the given sentence is:7) Possession of controlling influenceThis definition
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization that
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "par" in the given sentence is:1) A state of being essentially equal or equivalent
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commitments" in the given sentence is:4) An engagement by contract involving financial obligation
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bids" in the given sentence is:4) A formal proposal to buy at a
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offers" in the given sentence is:3) Something offered (as a proposal or
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "barrel" in the given sentence is:2) The quantity that
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fee" in the given sentence is:1) A fixed charge for a privilege or for
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministry" in the given sentence is:2) A government department under the direction of
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "output" in the given sentence is:3) The quantity of something (as a commodity
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:4) An abstract place usually conceived as having
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "field" in the given sentence is:8) A geographic region (land or sea)
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "banks" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:7) A politically
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:11) Financial
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "banks" in the sentence "The crisis-hit US major banks
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the sentence "The crisis-hit US major banks are breaking free from their
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shackles" in the given sentence is:1) A restraint that confines or
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given sentence is:1) The activity of providing for or maintaining by
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "protection" in the given sentence is:8) Defense against financial
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fund" in the given sentence is:4) A reserve of money set aside for some
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amount" in the given sentence is:2) How much there is or how many there
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "broadcaster" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who broadcasts on radio or
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:7) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "And, according to reports from US broadcaster CN
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institutions" in the given sentence is:3) An establishment consisting of a building
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "restrictions" in the given sentence is:2) An act of limiting or restricting (
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acceptance" in the given sentence is:4) (contract law) words signifying
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:1) The most common medium
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "limits" in the given sentence is:1) The greatest amount of
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "manager" in the given sentence is:1) One who supervises or has charge and
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bonuses" in the given sentence is:2) An additional payment
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "charges" in the given sentence is:3) The price charged
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loans" in the given sentence is:1) The temporary provision of money (usually
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the given sentence is:5) Something left after other parts have been taken
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amount" in the given sentence is:2) How much there is or how many there
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sale" in the given sentence is:4) An occasion (usually brief) for buying
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Bank" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bank" in the sentence "The bank overstretched at the height
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the given sentence is:1) The highest level or degree attainable;
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "investment" in the given sentence is:1) The act
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bank" in the sentence "The bank overstretched at the height
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cash" in the given sentence is:2) The most common medium of exchange;
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liabilities" in the given sentence is:6) An obligation to pay money to another
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:7) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "capital" in the given sentence is:1) Wealth in the
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increase" in the given sentence is:2) A quantity that is addedIn
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circles" in the given sentence is:6) An unofficial association of people or groups
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given sentence is:11) Financial resources provided to make some project
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Appeal" in the sentence "Cheshire Appeal Will Point to Twitter" is:
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rows" in the sentence "There were half a dozen of them typing away in the court
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the sentence "Minute by minute, they sent out reports of gruesome
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "testimony" in the given sentence is:2) An assertion offering firsthand authentication
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "In the end" in the given sentence is:1) As the end result of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defense" in the given sentence is:2) A defendant's answer or plea denying
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "messages" in the given sentence is:2) A communication (usually brief) that is
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rape" in the given sentence is:2) A statutory offense that provides that it is
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of either sexThis
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beds" in the given sentence is:3) A piece of furniture that provides a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something is shel
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons who compose a social
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the given sentence is:6) People descended from a common ancestorThis
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "imposition" in the given sentence is:2) The act of imposing something (as
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given sentence is:2) A body of citizens sworn to give
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filings" in the given sentence is:2) The entering of a legal document into
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a legal proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:12) An assembly (including one
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing 36
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:7) The act of using
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "circus" in the given sentence is:1) A frenetic
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "atmosphere" in the given sentence is:4) A distinctive
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "details" in the given sentence is:3) Extended treatment of particular
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given sentence is:2) A body of citizens sworn to give
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "passions" in the given sentence is:4) A strong feeling
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the given sentence is:4) (civil law) the first ple
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a legal proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judges" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "question" in the given sentence is:5) The subject matter at
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "danger" in the given sentence is:4) A source of danger; a possibility of
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "inclusion" in the given sentence is:3) The act of
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "individual" in the given sentence is:1) A human being
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rights" in the given sentence is:7) An abstract idea
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:4) (civil law) the first
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:2) A body of
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "passion" in the given sentence is:4) A strong feeling
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last word" in the sentence "But that is not likely to be the last word on
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the sentence "But that is not likely to be the last word on the
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 10 years
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:23) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "questions" in the given sentence is:7) Uncertainty about
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:8) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fairness" in the given sentence is:1) The quality of
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Cleveland" in the given sentence is:2) The largest city
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:3) A position or
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carnival" in the context of the sentence is:1) A frenetic dis
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "atmosphere" in the given sentence is:4) A distinctive
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) an act
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "inspiration" in the given sentence is:5) Arousing to
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) a final
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) One of two equal parts of a divisible
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "century" in the given sentence is:2) A period of
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "argument" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given sentence is:13) The condition of things generallyThis
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:23) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:1) An explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concern" in the given sentence is:2) Something that interests you because it is
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trials" in the given sentence is:8) A comprehensive term
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Connecticut" in the given sentence is:3) A New England
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a legal proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "judges" in the given sentence is:2) A public official
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:2) A personal viewThis definition captures the
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "communication" in the given sentence is:4) The activity of communicating; the activity of
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trials" in the given sentence is:8) A comprehensive term
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "execution" in the given sentence is:7) Putting a condemned person to death
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reactions" in the given sentence is:3) A response that reveals a person's
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "victims" in the given sentence is:1) An unfortunate
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:6) The state of demanding
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the given sentence is:3) A position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:2) A body of
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as presented by reporters for
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the given sentence is:11) The power of attracting or holding one
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:2) Questioning a statement and demanding an
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "month" in the given sentence is:2) One of the twelve
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:23) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "news" in the given sentence is:1) Information about recent and
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Connecticut" in the given sentence is:3) A New England
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "campaign" in the given sentence is:3) A race between candidates for elective office
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the sentence "They argued that the news media continually fanned the flames of
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courthouse" in the given sentence is:2) A building that houses judicial courts
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the sentence "Their focus on the Twitter coverage is controversial" is:4
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the sentence "Their focus on the Twitter coverage is controversial" is:
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) The questioning of a person (or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "journalists" in the given sentence is:1) A writer for newspapers and magazines
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion that something is true or factual
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "news" in the given sentence is:1) Information about recent and
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "view" in the given sentence is:1) A way of regarding
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:12) An assembly (
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trials" in the given sentence is:6) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:9) A relational difference between states; especially between
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "adaptation" in the given sentence is:3) The process of adapting to something (
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:12) An assembly (including one
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the sentence "Mr. Hayes's lawyers are pressing that claim" is:
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filing" in the given sentence is:2) The entering of a legal document into
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Supreme Court" in the given sentence is:2) The highest
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the given sentence is:3) A position or opinion or judgment reached
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) a final
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:23) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "century" in the given sentence is:2) A period of 100
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fraud" from the given options is:2) Something intended to
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of "Sport and fraud law" is:4) The collection
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tricks" in the given sentence is:7) A cunning or deceitful
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "will" in the sentence "Tricks such as those of Alonso and
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsion" in the given sentence is:4) The act of expelling or projecting
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ink" in the given sentence is:2) A liquid used for printing or writing or
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:3) (behavioral attributes) the
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) A unit of time
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the given sentence is:3) (sports) the chief official
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:13) The condition of things generallyThis
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:13) A single play
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "league" in the given sentence is:3) An association of
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phase" in the given sentence is:4) Any distinct time period in a sequence of
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group delegated to consider some
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trainer" in the given sentence is:4) (sports) someone in charge of
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "amounts" in the given sentence is:2) How much there
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provocation" in the given sentence is:1) Something that incites or provokes
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) The set
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practice" in the given sentence is:4) A customary way of operation or behavior
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:4) People in general;
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "football" in the given sentence is:4) Any of various
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:2) Directions that define
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Part" in the given sentence is:6) The part played by
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "debate" in the given sentence is:1) A discussion in
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:23) A comprehensive term
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "organization" in the given sentence is:5) The persons (or
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "nobility" in the given sentence is:1) The quality
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "honor" in the given sentence is:3) The quality of
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "acts" in the given sentence is:8) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "history" in the given sentence is:5) The discipline that records
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "debate" in the given sentence is:1) A discussion in
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:3) (behavioral attributes) the
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "principles" in the given sentence is:5) A basic
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fraud" in the given sentence is:2) Something intended to
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "regulation" in the given sentence is:6) An authoritative rule
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matter" in the sentence "The matter examines the type of damage that is brought to
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the sentence "The matter examines the type of damage that is brought to the
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the sentence "The matter examines the type of damage that is brought to
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "spirit" in the sentence "The matter examines the type of damage
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "spirit" in the given sentence is:1) Animation and energy
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "integrity" in the given sentence is:1) An undivided
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "aspect" in the given sentence is:2) A characteristic to
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "danger" in the given sentence is:4) A source of danger
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes advantage" in the given sentence is:1) Draw advantages fromThis definition
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "thing" in the given sentence is:1) A separate and self
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:2) Directions that define
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "referee" in the given sentence is:3) (sports
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complaints" in the sentence "They waited for and accepted the sanction with no complaints
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the given sentence is:2) A sentence of inquiry that asks for a
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting from some event or
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "situation" in the given sentence is:2) The general
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "benefit" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "result" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategy" in the given sentence is:2) An elaborate and systematic plan of action
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "phase" in the given sentence is:4) Any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Championship" in the given sentence is:2) A competition at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in the given sentence is:1) The act of sharing in the activities
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "term" in the given sentence is:7) A limited period of
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "degree" in the given sentence is:3) A position on a
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "change" in the given sentence is:4) An event that occurs
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cycle" in the given sentence is:7) An interval during which
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "suspension" in the given sentence is:2) A temporary
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "accumulation" in the given sentence is:2) An increase by
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cycle" in the given sentence is:7) An interval during which
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rounds" in the given sentence is:1) (sports) a division during
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting from some event or
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to something
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "spirit" in the given sentence is:1) Animation and energy
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence "Those actions are really against the sporting spirit
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "decisions" in the given sentence is:3) A position
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:2) Directions that define
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "assumption" in the given sentence is:1) A hypothesis that
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "application" in the given sentence is:1) The act of bringing something to bear;
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "case" in the sentence "Regarding this assumption, the players did not
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the sentence "They made a strategic decision without avoiding the punishment" is
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:4) The collection of rules
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fraud" in the given sentence is:2) Something intended to
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "occasion" in the given sentence is:3) An opportunity to do
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "case" in the sentence "in this occasion I believe it was a
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given sentence is:8) Anything that contributes causally to a
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsions" in the given sentence is:3) The act of forcing out someone
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence "The controversy seems to arise from two factors
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "transmission" in the given sentence is:2) Communication by means of transmitted signals
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "damage" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "principles" in the given sentence is:5) A basic
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possibility" in the given sentence is:2) A future prospect or potentialThis
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given sentence is:3) (biology) the taxonomic group whose
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nutrients" in the given sentence is:3) Any substance (such as a
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scope" in the given sentence is:2) An area in which something acts or operates
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forms" in the given sentence is:14) A category of things distinguished by some
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possibilities" in the given sentence is:2) A future prospect or potentialThis
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organism" in the given sentence is:1) A living thing that has (or
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capability" in the sentence "This organism has dual capability" is:3) The
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "form" in the given sentence is:14) A category of
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "edition" in the given sentence is:3) The form in
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "journal" in the given sentence is:1) A periodical dedicated
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carbon" in the given sentence is:1) An abundant nonmetallic tetravalent
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) The act of discovering somethingThis definition
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "search" in the given sentence is:1) The activity of looking thoroughly in order to
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the sentence "The study focuses on a microbe found on Earth"
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the sentence "The study focuses on a microbe found
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "details" in the given sentence is:3) Extended treatment of particular
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) The act of discovering somethingThis definition
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculation" in the given sentence is:1) A hypothesis that has been formed by
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) A productive insightThis definition captures
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "environments" in the given sentence is:2) The area in
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) A living thing that has (or
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "set" in the given sentence is:11) (mathem
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Space" in the given sentence is:3) Any location outside the
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Sciences" in the given sentence is:1) A particular branch
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence "Cockell was not part of the
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the sentence "Cockell was not part of the research team" is
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:1) A product produced or accomplished through the effort
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substitution" in the given sentence is:2) An event in which one thing is
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "element" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:5) The manner of construction of something and the
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery" is:2
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the sentence "Felisa Wolfe-Simon of NASA's Astrobi
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:2) The action or reaction of something (
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) A living thing that has (or
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard time" in the given sentence is:1) A difficulty that can be overcome with
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more than 10
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentrations" in the given sentence is:5) The strength of a solution;
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "possibility" in the given sentence is:4) A tentative insight
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "planet" in the given sentence is:1) Any celestial body
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "moon" in the given sentence is:6) Any natural satellite
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:2) A personal viewIn the context of
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "example" in the given sentence is:1) An occurrence of somethingIn the context
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given sentence is:1) A more or less definite period of time
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given sentence is:13) The condition of things generallyThis
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence is:2) One of the portions into
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "routine" in the sentence "The democratic routine" is:1) An unvarying
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "backing" in the sentence "Support for democracy in Latin America continues
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) an act
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worry" in the sentence "Crime has become a bigger worry than unemployment" is
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) The largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is foundIn the
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "poll" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "poll" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "changes" in the sentence "Because the poll has been taken regularly since
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "attitude" in the given sentence is:5) A complex mental
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given sentence is:4) Any attribute or quality considered as having
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "poll" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mood" in the sentence "The first is Latin America's fairly
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first in position in
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stability" in the given sentence is:3) The quality of being enduring and free
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "attitudes" in the given sentence is:5) A complex mental
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "institutions" in the given sentence is:5) An organization
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "South America" among the given options is:2) The nations of
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:6) A set of data arranged in rows and
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "low" in the given sentence is:2) A low level or
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "economy" in the given sentence is:2) The system
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drop" in the given sentence is:3) A sudden sharp decrease in some quantity
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "output" in the given sentence is:3) The quantity of something
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) One of two equal parts of a divisible
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who respondsIn the context
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) The largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "democrats" in the given sentence is:2) An advocate of democratic principles
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:3) A statistic describing the
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given sentence is:2) A visual display of informationIn the
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who respondsIn the context
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "democracy" in the given sentence is:2) The political orientation
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figure" in the given sentence is:14) A visual representation (of an object
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increase" in the given sentence is:3) The amount by which something increases
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "chart" in the given sentence is:2) A visual display of
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confidence" in the given sentence is:2) A feeling of trust (in someone
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Congress" in the given sentence is:4) The legislature of
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:1) (government) the system or
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:16) A special set of circumstancesIn
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decade" in the given sentence is:1) A period of 10 years
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woes" in the sentence "A decade ago economic woes in Latin America undermined
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the sentence "A decade ago economic woes in Latin America undermined support
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "recession" in the given sentence is:5) The state of
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recovery" in the given sentence is:3) Gradual healing (through rest)
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "safety net" in the given sentence is:1) A guarantee of professional or financial
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "proportion" in the given sentence is:3) The quotient obtained
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:2) The period of time
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mood" in the given sentence is:2) The prevailing psychological stateThis definition
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given sentence is:2) A visual display of informationIn the
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) The largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:6) The chief executive of
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sense" in the given sentence is:2) A general conscious
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progress" in the given sentence is:3) Gradual improvement or growth or development
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recession" in the given sentence is:5) The state of the economy declines;
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) an act
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:8) An indefinite period (
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "polls" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who respondsIn the context
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "whole" in the given sentence is:2) All of something including
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) an act
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given sentence is:2) A visual display of informationIn the
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" in the given sentence is:1) A person related by blood or marriage
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "victims" in the given sentence is:1) An unfortunate person who suffers from
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) an act
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figure" in the given sentence is:14) A visual representation (of an object
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who respondsIn the context
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:1) A process in which something passes by degrees
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "chart" in the given sentence is:2) A visual display of
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the given sentence is:3) Instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who respondsIn the context
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "view" in the given sentence is:1) A way of regarding
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:6) The chief executive of
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) The largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "leadership" in the given sentence is:4) The ability to
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who respondsIn the context
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who respondsIn the context
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distinction" in the given sentence is:3) High status importance owing to marked superiority
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "law" in the sentence "Scalia and Thomas dine with healthcare
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the sentence "Scalia and Thomas dine with healthcare
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the sentence "Scalia and Thomas dine with healthcare law challengers as
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given sentence is:8) Some point or period in timeThis
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Supreme Court" in the given sentence is:2) The highest
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "question" in the given sentence is:5) The subject matter at
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:4) The collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:4) A party of people assembled to have
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:23) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "petitions" in the given sentence is:2) A formal message requesting something that is
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "review" in the given sentence is:9) (law) a judicial reexamination
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:23) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the given sentence is:3) A petition or appeal made to a person
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given sentence is:2) One of the 50 states of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overhaul" in the given sentence is:1) The act of improving by renewing
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Congress" in the given sentence is:4) The legislature of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:2) Law enacted by a legislative bodyThis
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rallying cry" in the given sentence is:2) A slogan used to rally
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the given sentence is:3) A petition or appeal made to a person
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hour" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "argument" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "March" in the given sentence is:4) The month following February
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "race" in the given sentence is:6) People who are believed
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "swing" in the given sentence is:2) A state of
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:8) An indefinite period (
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:12) An assembly (
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:3) A position or
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:4) The collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:4) A party of people assembled to have
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:4) A party of people assembled to have
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:4) The collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sponsor" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who supports or champions something
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giant" in the context of the sentence "pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc"
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stake" in the given sentence is:5) (law) a right or legal
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:5) The main meal of the day served
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Washington" in the given sentence is:4) The capital of the
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hours" in the sentence "The dinner was held at a Washington hotel
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the sentence "The dinner was held at a Washington hotel hours after the court
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of being present (at
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Senate" in the given sentence is:2) The upper house
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opponent" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who offers oppositionThis definition
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guests" in the sentence "The featured guests at the dinner? Scalia and Thomas
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the context of the sentence "The featured guests at the dinner? Sc
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the given sentence is:1) Something that happens at a given place and
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) A prolonged period of timeThis definition
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rules" in the sentence "And it's nothing that runs afoul
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "code" in the given sentence is:4) A set of rules
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "events" in the given sentence is:1) Something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organizations" in the given sentence is:5) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaker" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who expresses in language; someone who
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:3) An announcement of the events that will occur
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "event" in the given sentence is:1) Something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "proximity" in the given sentence is:1) The property
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:23) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization that
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "interest" in the given sentence is:6) Something that interests you
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breach" in the given sentence is:3) A failure to perform some promised act
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indifference" in the given sentence is:4) **Unbiased impartial unconc
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in the given sentence is:4) A set of rules or principles or laws
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion that something is true or
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:12) An assembly (
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:1) The presiding officer
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fundraiser" in the given sentence is:2) A social function that is held
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:23) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appearance" in the given sentence is:2) Outward or visible aspect of a
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assistance" in the given sentence is:3) The activity of contributing to the fulfillment
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "event" in the given sentence is:1) Something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a right (as
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regard" in the given sentence is:4) Paying particular notice (as to
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "business" in the given sentence is:6) The activity of providing goods and services involving
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:12) An assembly (
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people who work together
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "conservatives" in the given sentence is:2) A person
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Justice" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administration" in the given sentence is:3) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "law" in the sentence "Kagan served as solicitor general in
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "level" in the sentence "Kagan served as solicitor general in
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:23) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:4) The collection of rules imposed by authority
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indication" in the sentence "Kagan has given no indication she will do so"
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiarity" in the given sentence "The familiarity of the Spanish is higher than that
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the sentence "Of the 22 players called in Spain, ten passed
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the sentence "On the side of Costa Rica only one of 22
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the sentence "On the side of Costa Rica only one of 22
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "San Jose" in the given sentence is:2) The capital and largest city of Costa
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "number one" in the given sentence is:4) The first or
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:8) An extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "games" in the given sentence is:13) A single play
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:2) How much there is or how many there
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "League" in the given sentence is:3) An association of sports
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:3) The time for the
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "league" in the given sentence is:3) An association of
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "competitions" in the given sentence is:3) An occasion on
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of knowledge or skill that
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "area" in the given sentence is:5) A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:4) An abstract place usually
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "peak" in the given sentence is:3) The highest level or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:2) The defensive position
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "London" in the given sentence is:3) The capital and largest
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:8) An extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "goalkeeper" in the given sentence is:2) The defensive position
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the given sentence is:8) An extreme attainment; the best (or
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in which two or more
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "player" in the sentence "Xavi Hernandez, the player of Barcelona
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the sentence "Xavi Hernandez, the player of Barcelona, has 1
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "player" in the given sentence is:4) A person trained to
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "striker" in the given sentence is:8) The person who
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "number" in the sentence "Almost near the centennial number is Carles
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the sentence "Almost near the centennial number is Carles Puyol, with
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the given sentence is:12) Either the left or right half of
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the given sentence is:8) The person who plays the position of
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in which two or more
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the given sentence is:12) Either the left or right half of
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presences" in the given sentence is:2) The act of being presentIn
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the sentence "The rest doesn't come near the 20"
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:13) A single play of a sport or
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "scorer" in the given sentence is:3) A player who
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "goals" in the given sentence is:2) A successful attempt
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "points" in the given sentence is:17) A unit of
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "burden" in the context of the sentence "Is immigration a burden
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "economy" in the context of the sentence "Is immigration a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Immigration" in the given sentence is:2) Migration into a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "aspects" in the given sentence is:1) A distinct
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congestion" in the given sentence is:2) Excessive crowdingThis
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "numbers" in the given sentence is:2) How much there is
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "compatibility" in the given sentence is:1) Capability of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "status" in the given sentence is:1) The relative position or standing of things or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harassment" in the given sentence is:2) The act of tormenting by
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" in the given sentence is:1) A republic in western Europe; the largest
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "talent" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "waiters" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "viewpoint" in the sentence "But it is only rarely analyzed from the economic viewpoint"
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the Left and the Right
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Left" in the given sentence is:4) Those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Right" in the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the Left and the Right
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Right" in the given sentence is:4) Those who support political
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tone" in the given sentence is:7) The quality of
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:1) A member of
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Left" in the given sentence is:4) Those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "France" in the given sentence is:1) A republic in western
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "misery" in the given sentence is:1) A state of
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the sentence "The only difference, the degree of generosity" is
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "degree" in the sentence "The only difference, the degree of gener
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generosity" in the given sentence is:2) The trait of being willing to give
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fear" in the given sentence is:1) An emotion experienced
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invasion" in the given sentence is:1) The act of invading; the act
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "territory" in the given sentence is:1) The geographical
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hordes" in the given sentence is:2) A vast multitudeIn the context
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Left" in the given sentence is:4) Those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Right" in the given sentence is:4) Those who support political
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sides" in the sentence "Both sides see immigrants as a burden on the French economy
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An onerous or difficult concern
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "economy" in the sentence "Both sides see immigrants as a
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "society" in the given sentence is:1) An extended social group having a
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:1) A variation that deviates from the
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:3) A position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generosity" in the given sentence is:2) The trait of being willing to give
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:6) A system of projects or services intended to
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea inferred or
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An oner
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:2) A source of difficulty
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "book" in the given sentence is:7) A written work or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "immigration" among the given options is:2) Migration into a
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "People" in the given sentence is:3) (plural)
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Migration" in the given sentence is:2) The movement of persons
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Future" in the given sentence is:2) The time yet to
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specialists" in the given context is:2) An expert who is devoted to one
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "migration" in the given sentence is:2) The movement of
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "flows" in the given sentence is:4) The motion characteristic of
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "employment" among the given options is:2) The state of
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "immigration" in the given sentence is:2) Migration into a place (especially migration
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the sentence "Restraining immigration leads to anaemic growth and harms employment
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "employment" in the sentence "Restraining immigration leads to anaemic
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fears" in the given sentence is:2) An anxious feelingThis definition captures
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea inferred or
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or thingIn the
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:2) The act of pressing
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "replacements" in the given sentence is:1) A person
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:3) Productive work (especially physical work done
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "trades" in the given sentence is:7) The skilled practice
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "shortage" in the given sentence is:2) The property of
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "labor" in the given sentence is:3) Productive work (especially physical work done
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) A particular aspect
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "labor" in the given sentence is:3) Productive work (
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ones" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or thingIn the
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) A particular aspect
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the given sentence is:2) The activities of educating or instructing
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offers" in the given sentence is:3) Something offered (as a proposal or
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "employment" from the given options is:2) The state of
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the sentence "A positive effect on wages" is:6) A phenomenon
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:13) The condition of
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "shortage" in the given sentence is:2) The property of
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complementarities" in the given sentence is:1) The interrelation of reciproc
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "arrival" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who arrives
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rise" in the context of the sentence "Giovanni Peri has calculated that a rise
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "flow" in the given sentence is:4) The motion characteristic of
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increase" in the given sentence is:3) The amount by which something increases
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:2) A piece of information
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "diversity" in the given sentence is:4) The doctrine
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "creation" in the given sentence is:3) The act of starting
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ideas" in the given sentence is:3) The content of
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "proportion" in the given sentence is:3) The quotient obtained
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "winners" in the given sentence is:3) A person with a record of successes
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Yahoo" in the given sentence is:1) A widely used search engine for the
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contributors" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who contributes (or promises to
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) A summary of intended expenditures along with
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Labor" in the given sentence is:3) Productive work (
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Organisation" in the given sentence is:4) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life (usually defined in
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contribution" in the given sentence is:5) An amount of money contributedThis
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "receipts" in the context of the sentence is:4) An itemized statement
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditure" in the given sentence is:3) Money paid out; an amount
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given sentence is:3) A statistic describing the location of a distribution
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) A summary of intended expenditures along with
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mandate" in the given sentence is:2) The commission that is given to a
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the sentence "Nicolas Sarkozy wished at the start of his mandate to look
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence "Nicolas Sarkozy wished at the start of his
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "question" in the sentence "The teeth in question, intended to serve
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:5) An impression (especially one that is artificial
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pound" in the sentence "Deutsche Bank pays multi-million pound
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) A source of difficultyThe sentence
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uproar" in the given sentence is:1) A state of commotion and
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "pound" in the sentence "Fresh trouble is following hard on the
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:10) The country or state or city where
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "industry" in the given sentence is:1) The people or
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giant" in the context of the sentence is:4) An unusually large enterprise
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:2) The basic monetary
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disputes" in the given sentence is:2) A disagreement or argument about something
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcy" in the given sentence is:1) Inability to discharge all your
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the sentence "The issue centres on the sale of mortgage securities" is:
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sale" in the sentence "The issue centres on the sale of mortgage securities" is:
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the given sentence is:5) An official responsible for control and supervision
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "string" in the given sentence is:4) A sequentially ordered set of things or events
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promises" in the given sentence is:1) A verbal commitment by one person to
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given sentence is:7) The amount (of money or goods or
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:6) A formal declaration that documents a fact
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in dispute and
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "New York" in the given sentence is:4) The largest city
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bank" in the sentence "The bank did not admit culpability in
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "settlement" in the sentence "The bank did not admit culpability
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:2) The basic monetary
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsiveness" in the given sentence is:1) The quality of being responsive;
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "banks" in the sentence "The NCUA chairman, Debbie M
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bankruptcies" in the given sentence is:1) Inability
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deposits" in the context of the sentence "The National Credit Union Administration (NC
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:4) Something (such as money) given
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "billions" in the given sentence is:2) The number that
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "settlements" in the sentence "The current settlements are the first of their kind" is
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the given sentence is:1) A governmental agency that regulates businesses in
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "summer" in the given sentence is:1) The warmest season of the year
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fate" in the given sentence is:1) Your overall circumstances or condition in life
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "number" in the sentence "This sealed the fate of a number of
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the context of the sentence "The US investment bank, Lehman Brothers,
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the sentence "The banks battling against a strong wind in the USA
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "wind" in the sentence "The banks battling against a strong wind
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "years" in the sentence "The banks battling against a strong wind
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulators" in the given sentence is:5) An official responsible for control and supervision
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "number" in the sentence "Investors and regulators have brought a vast
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a right (as
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the given sentence is:4) Something (such as money) given
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misconduct" in the given sentence is:2) Bad or dishonest management by
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wave" in the context of the sentence "The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a right (as
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:2) The basic monetary
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "value" in the given sentence is:7) The amount (of
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:2) The basic monetary
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the given sentence is:1) A governmental agency that regulates businesses in
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution that
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibility" in the given sentence is:2) A form of trustworthiness
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sum" in the given sentence is:4) The whole amount
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a right (as
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intention" in the given sentence is:1) An anticipated outcome that is intended or
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a right (as
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given sentence is:3) Writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open to or concerning the
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Assessment" in the context of the sentence "This document is a
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given sentence is:3) Make plain and comprehensibleThis
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group delegated to consider
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Products" in the given sentence is:1) An artifact that has been created by someone
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Human" in the given sentence is:3) Relating to a personThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:4) What something is used forThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate the nature,
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:1) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in the given sentence is:1) Carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reach" in the given sentence is:3) Reach a point in time,
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) Something (as a course of
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:1) The learned profession that is mastered
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) Have or feel a need forThis
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative of `much' used
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:2) Knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "medical" in the given sentence is:1) Relating to
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "condition" in the given sentence is:4) An illness, disease, or other medical
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the given sentence is:3) Interpret something that is written or printed
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Leaflet" in the given sentence is:2) An advertisement (usually printed on a
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence "Package Leaflet (also part of the
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contact" in the given sentence is:2) Be in or establish communication withThis
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) A licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for;
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative of `much' used
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:2) Knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the given sentence is:3) The fundamental assumptions from which something is
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) Something (as a course of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the context of the sentence "If you want more information on the basis of
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Discussion" in the context of the sentence "If you want more information on the basis
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "If you want more information on the basis of
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "powder" in the given sentence is:1) A solid substance in the form of
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the given sentence is:2) A homogeneous mixture of two or more substances
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "infusion" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is a powder that is
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drip" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is a powder that is
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "vein" in the sentence "Alimta is a powder that
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrexed" is:
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrexed" is:
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the sentence "What is Alimta used for?" is:5)
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two types of cancer"
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treat" in the given sentence is:7) Subject to a process or treatment,
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lining" in the context of the sentence is:3) A protective covering that protects an
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given sentence is:2) Give rise to; cause to happen
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:1) The learned profession
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "removed" in the context of the sentence is:6) Shift the position or location of
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "surgery" is:1) The branch of medical science that treats
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "alone" in the given sentence is:4) Exclusive of anyone
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "spread" in the context of the sentence is:3) Dist
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:2) Has a good chance
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "spread" in the context of the sentence is:3) Dist
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "easily" in the given sentence is:2) Indicating
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "parts" in the given sentence is:2) One of the portions
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:16) The entire structure
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "medicines" in the given sentence is:6) (med
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advanced" in the context of the given sentence is:6) Comparatively late in a
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the given sentence is:1) Have an effect uponThis
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "treated" in the given sentence is:7) Subject to a process
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:3) An earlier period in
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a prescription" is
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obtained" in the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a prescription" is
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prescription" in the given sentence is:3) Written instructions from a physician or dentist
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the sentence "How is Alimta used?" is:5) Seek
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the sentence "Alimta should only be given under the supervision of a
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the sentence "Alimta should only be given under the supervision of a
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) A licensed medical practitionerThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Alimta should only be given under the
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given sentence is:5) The quantity of an active agent (
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mg" in the given sentence is:2) One millionth (
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the context of the sentence "The recommended dose of Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calculated" in the given sentence is:2) Make a mathematical calculation or computation
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the sentence "calculated using the patient's height and weight" is:
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patient" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the context of the sentence "The recommended dose of Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "weight" in the context of the sentence "The recommended dose of Al
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the sentence "It is given once every three weeks as an intravenous infusion lasting
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the sentence "It is given once every three weeks as an intravenous infusion lasting
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "every" in the sentence "It is given once every three weeks" is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "weeks" in the sentence "It is given once every three weeks as
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine) the passive introduction
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lasting" in the given sentence is:1) Persist for a specified period of
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) A unit of time
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reduce" in the context of the sentence "To reduce side effects" is:11
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is:1) A secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the sentence "folic acid (a type of vitamin)"
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injections" in the given sentence is:1) The act of putting a liquid into
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "When Alimta is given with cisplatin,
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) Keep from happening or arising; make
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fluids" in the context of the sentence is:2) Continuous amorphous matter that tends
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) Keep from happening or arising; make
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dehydration" in the given sentence is:2) Depletion
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "When Alimta is given with cisplatin,
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the context of the sentence is:3) Earlier in time; previously
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "after" in the context of the sentence is:1) Happening at a time subsequent
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dose" in the given sentence is:5) The quantity of
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "delayed" in the given sentence is:4) Act later than planned, scheduled,
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discontinued" in the given sentence is:2) Put an end to a state or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dose" in the given sentence is:5) The quantity of
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reduced" in the given sentence is:11) Cut down on; make a
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "blood counts" is:1) The act of estimating the number
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "abnormal" in the given sentence is:2) Not normal; not typical or usual
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a concrete
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the given sentence is:1) Definite but not specified or identified
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is:1) A secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "use" in the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for use
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for use
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "moderate" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "severe" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "problems" in the given sentence is:2) A source of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the sentence "For more information, see the Summary of Product Characteristics (also
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:2) Knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "For more information, see the Summary of Product Characteristics (also
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Product" in the given sentence is:1) An artifact that has been created by someone
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence "Summary of Product Characteristics (also part of
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "active" in the sentence "The active substance in Alimta,
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the context of the sentence is:1) A particular kind or species
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:1) The learned profession
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:1) The learned profession
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "kills" in the context of the sentence is:1) Cause
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the context of the sentence is:5) (bi
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dividing" in the context of the sentence is:5) Separ
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:16) The entire structure of an organism (
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the given sentence is:9) Change in nature, purpose, or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:12) **Exerting influence or producing
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the given sentence is:12) A particular mode in which something is
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blocks" in the given sentence is:7) Hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "producing" in the given sentence is:6) Give rise to; cause to happen
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building blocks" in the context of the sentence is:1) A single undivided
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "material" in the given sentence is:3) The tangible substance that
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology)
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the sentence "How has Alimta been studied?" is:3
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the context of the sentence is:3) Consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "For the treatment of malignant pleural mesotheli
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:1) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the given sentence is:1) At an earlier time or formerlyThis
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effects" in the given sentence is:3) A symptom caused by an illness or
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cell" in the context of the sentence is:5) (bi
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effects" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:1) The learned profession that is mastered
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:1) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the given sentence is:3) Engage as a participant
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "locally" in the context of the sentence is:2) To a restricted area of
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advanced" in the context of the sentence is:6) Comparatively late in a course
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) The time that has
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:1) The learned profession that is mastered
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the given sentence is:3) Engage as a participant
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) The time that has
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:1) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of effectiveness was how
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the context of the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the context of the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survived" in the context of the sentence "In all three studies, the main
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Alimta shown during
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the sentence "What benefit has Alimta shown during the studies?" is
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Alimta shown during
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of patients with malignant
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the sentence "Alimta increased the survival time of
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survived" in the given sentence is:2) Continue in existence after (an
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given sentence is:1) The sum of the values of a random
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-small
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-small
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cell" in the context of "non-small cell lung cancer" is
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the context of the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-small
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:1) The time that has elapsedThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or constituting the most frequent
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given sentence is:1) A state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical careThis
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:1) The time that has elapsedThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given sentence is:3) Relating to or constituting the middle value
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given sentence is:1) A state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as a resource
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately 30
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people who work together
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "However" in the given sentence is:2) Despite anything to the contrary (usually following
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:1) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the given sentence is:1) Have an effect uponThis
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "longer" in the given sentence is:6) Primarily temporal
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "survival" in the given sentence is:1) A state of
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as a resource
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "contrast" in the given sentence is:2) A conceptual separation or
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "patients" in the sentence "In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the given sentence is:1) Have an effect uponThis
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shorter" in the context of the sentence "In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given sentence is:1) A state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "times" in the sentence "In contrast, patients whose cancer was affecting
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the sentence "kalgebra is a mathematical calculator
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the sentence "kalgebra is a mathematical calculator based on content markup MathML
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capable" in the given sentence is:4) (usually followed by `of')
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the sentence "Nowadays it is capable to make simple MathML operations (
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:7) Easy and not involved or complicatedThis
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the given sentence is:4) (mathematics) calculation by mathematical
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "3D" in the given sentence is:2) Having a three
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "actually" in the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know MathML to use
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know MathML to use kal
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know MathML to use kal
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present momentThis definition best
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the given sentence is:3) (quantifier used with mass nouns)
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) Of or
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" is:
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" is:
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main window" is
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the sentence "kalgebra main window" is:3) Most important element
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:2) (computer
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra main window" is:3)
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra main window consists in a Console tab
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "consists" in the given sentence is:4) Have its essential character; be comprised
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Console" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra main window consists in a Console tab
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "3D" in the given sentence is:2) Having a three
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Below" in the given sentence is:4) In or to a place that is lower
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:4) A component of production; something that goes
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) Identify as belonging to a certain type
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "Below these tabs you will find an input field
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calculations" in the given sentence is:2) The procedure of calculating; determining
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for;
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in the given sentence is:4) Know and comprehend the nature or meaning
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "works" in the given sentence is:23) Find the solution to (a problem
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative and superlative of
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the given sentence is:1) A separate and self-contained entity
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the sentence "If we want to understand how it works, the best thing
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:4) A component of production; something that goes
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the given sentence is:6) Change from one system to another or
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the given sentence is:4) Absolutely essentialThe sentence implies
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) Use as a basis for; found on
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "hard" in the sentence "it should not be hard for anyone"
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "closely" in the given sentence is:1) In an attentive mannerThis
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the sentence "I've looked closely at maxima and maple's syntax so
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the sentence "I've looked closely to maxima and maple s syntax so
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "similar" in the given sentence is:3) Resembling or similar; having the same
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Addition" among the given options is:5) The arithmetic operation of summing; calculating
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subtraction" among the given options is:2) An arithmetic operation in which the
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "multiplication" among the given options is:3) An arithmetic operation
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "division" in the context of arithmetic operations is:10) An
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Power" in the given sentence is:5) Possession of the qualities (especially mental
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the sentence "Power, you can use them both" is:5)
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the sentence "Also it is possible to use the unicode ² characters"
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the sentence "Also it is possible to use the unicode ² characters"
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Powers" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is:
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roots" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is:
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too" is:
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "-gt : It s the way to specify the bounded variable in
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the context of the sentence "-gt : It s the way to specify
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "variable" in the context of the sentence "-gt : It s the
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "function" in the context of the sentence "-gt : It s the
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the sentence "It is used to specify a higher priority" is:5
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the given sentence is:3) Define clearlyThe sentence "It
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "higher" in the sentence "It is used to specify a higher
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "priority" in the given sentence is:4) Status established in order of importance or urgency
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the context of the sentence "When the parser finds a function, it
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the sentence "When the parser finds a function, it checks
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "checks" in the sentence "When the parser finds a function, it checks if abc
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the context of the sentence "When the parser finds a function, it checks
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the given sentence is:4) Regard or consider in a specific way
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the given sentence is:6) (mathematics) a symbol or
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the given sentence is:4) Regard or consider in a specific way
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "user" in the given sentence is:3) A person who makes use of a thing
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the sentence "If it is, it will be treated as
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the sentence "It is used to define a variable value" is:5
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the sentence "It is used to define a variable value"
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "value" in the sentence "It is used to define a variable value
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can define conditional operations in kal
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can define conditional
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conditional" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can define conditional
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can define conditional
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "introduce" in the given sentence is:1) Bring something new to an environment
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "true" in the given sentence is:11) Consistent with fact
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instance" in the given sentence is:1) An occurrence of somethingIn the context
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the sentence "It can be used to define a container" is:5
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the sentence "It can be used to define a container"
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "useful" in the context of the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piece
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "working" in the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piecewise" is:2
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Now" in the sentence "Now you could ask me, why should the user mind about
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the sentence "Now you could ask me, why should the user mind about
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "user" in the context of the sentence "Now you could ask me, why should the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the given sentence is:5) Posing no difficulty; requiring little
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cos()" is:3) Function of an angle expressed as a ratio
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sin()" among the given options is:1) Ratio of the length
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sum" in the given sentence is:3) The arithmetic operation of
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "product" in the given sentence is:5) A quantity obtained by multiplicationThis definition
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything which has its
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plus()" in the context of the sentence is:2) The arithmetic operation of summing;
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times()" in the context of the sentence is:2) An arithmetic operation that is the
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything which has its
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the context of the sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "useful" in the sentence "kalgebra's console is useful as a calculator"
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "There" in the sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables" is:
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables" is:
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "list" in the given sentence is:4) A database containing an ordered array of items
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "variables" in the given sentence is:3) A quantity that can
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:15) Perceive by sight or have the
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lets" in the given sentence is:1) Make it possible through a specific action or
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given sentence is:8) Exchange or replace with another, usually of
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "values" in the given sentence is:4) The quality (positive or negative) that
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the sentence "By double clicking on them you will see a dialog that lets
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the sentence "By double clicking on them you will see a dialog that lets
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:5) A written record of messages sent or received
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the sentence "Every time you enter an expression, the '
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expression" in the context of the sentence is:3) A group of symbols that make
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "variable" in the given sentence is:3) A quantity that can
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the context of the sentence "Every time you enter an expression, the '
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changed" in the context of the sentence "Every time you enter an expression, the '
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the sentence is:3) Coming after all others in time
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:4) A statement that solves a problem or explains
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New" in the sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:7) Not of long
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Window" in the context of the sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:2)
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the sentence "Flushes the log" is:2) A written record
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Load" in the context of "Ctrl L Load Script" is:2) Transfer from
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Executes" in the context of the sentence "Executes the instructions in a file sequentially
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the context of the sentence "Executes the instructions in a file sequentially
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "file" in the context of the sentence "Executes the instructions in a file sequentially"
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Nice" in the given sentence is:2) Exhibiting courtesy and politenessThis
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for;
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the given sentence is:2) Give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "libraries" in the given sentence is:3) (computing) a collection
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "resume" in the given sentence is:2) Take up or begin anew
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "previous" in the given sentence is:1) (used especially of persons) of the
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:1) A product produced or accomplished through the effort
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl G Save Script" is:7) Bring into
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saves" in the given sentence is:7) Bring into safetyThis definition best
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:2) (computer science) a line of
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typed" in the given sentence is:2) Write by means of a keyboard with
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:5) Have a beginning, of a temporal
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `to') having
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Generates" in the given sentence is:2) Bring into existenceThis definition best
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the context of the sentence "Generates text files so it should be
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fix" in the context of the sentence "Generates text files so it should be easy
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the sentence "Generates text files so it should be easy to fix using
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text editor" in the given sentence is:2) (computer science) an application that
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl S Save Log" is:9) Record data
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Log" in the sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:2) A written record
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the given sentence is:7) Bring into safetyThis definition best
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:2) A written record of events on a voyage
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:4) A statement that solves a problem or explains
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `to') having
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "print" in the sentence "Saves the log with all results into
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publish" in the given sentence is:2) Have (one's written work) issued
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Quit" in the sentence "Ctrl Q Quit" is:4) Put an
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the sentence "Shuts the program down" is:1) (computer
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "add" in the context of the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:10) Original and of a kind not seen
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra,
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "go" in the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on kalgebra,
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the context of the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "add" in the context of the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:10) Original and of a kind not seen
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the sentence "To add a new 2D graph on
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the given sentence is:4) The concentration of attention or energy on something
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:4) A component of production; something that goes
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:2) The main body of a written work (
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) Write by means of a keyboard with types
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for;
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typical" in the given sentence is:1) Conforming to a typeThis
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the context of the sentence "If you want to use a typical f
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the context of the sentence "If you want to use a typical f
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics) a mathematical relation
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in the given sentence is:1) To show, make visible or apparent
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given sentence is:3) Most important elementIn the context of
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:2) (computer science) a rectangular part of
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" is:
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" is
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view" is:
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Just" in the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in List mode"
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in List mode"
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the context of the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "List" in the given sentence is:4) A database containing an ordered array of items
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "mode" in the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the sentence "You can set each graph its own color" is:2
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "color" in the sentence "You can set each graph its own color" is:3
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:1) The fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:3) Engage as a participant
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organising" in the given sentence is:2) Arrange by systematic planning and united effort
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dealt" in the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in organising a conference
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the given sentence is:2) Forming or having the nature of a
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) A demanding or stimulating situationThis
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who takes part in an activity
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given sentence is:3) Most important elementIn the context of
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attended" in the given sentence is:7) Be present at (meetings
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "debated" in the given sentence is:1) Have an argument about somethingThis
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in dispute and
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actors" in the given sentence is:2) A person who acts and gets things done
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authorities" in the given sentence is:6) (usually plural) persons who exercise
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voluntary" in the given sentence is:1) Of your own free will or
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "community" in the given sentence is:2) A group of people living in a particular
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" in the given sentence is:4) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:6) Work done by one person or group that
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "users" in the given sentence is:3) A person who makes use of a thing
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:17) An occurrence of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result of an
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attempts" in the given sentence is:2) Earnest and conscientious activity
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "involve" in the given sentence is:3) Engage
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "users" in the given sentence is:3) A person who makes use of a thing
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "service" in the given sentence is:16) A service conducted
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "planning" in the given sentence is:1) An act of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) The act of sharing in the
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "service" in the given sentence is:16) A service conducted
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "provision" in the given sentence is:3) The activity of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "more" in the sentence "their involvement in service provision was found to
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "common" in the given sentence is:1) Having no special distinction
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the given sentence is:3) Noticeable heterogeneityThis definition captures
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "different" in the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "played" in the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open to or concerning the
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "welfare" in the given sentence is:2) Something that aids or promotes well-being
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:3) An institution supported by an endowment
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Commission" in the given sentence is:5) A special group
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Ministry" in the given sentence is:2) A government department
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Affairs" in the given sentence is:2) Transactions of professional
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "regional" in the given sentence is:1) Related or limited
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given sentence is:4) The organization that is the governing authority
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "exclusion" in the given sentence is:5) The social process
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the given sentence is:6) Greater in scope or effectIn the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) A demanding or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "welfare" in the given sentence is:3) Governmental provision
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:3) An institution supported by an endowment
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "published" in the given sentence is:2) Have (one's written work) issued
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comparative" in the given sentence is:1) Relating to or based on or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence "The Foundation recently published a comparative study as
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate the nature,
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to which something
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "direct" in the given sentence is:10) Having no intervening persons, agents,
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in the given sentence is:1) The act of sharing in the activities
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:1) A product produced or accomplished through the effort
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increasing" in the given sentence is:1) Make bigger or moreThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) Use as a basis for; found on
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the given sentence is:2) Concerning or affecting a particular person or his
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) The questioning of a person (or
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "senior" in the given sentence is:3) Older; higher in rank; longer
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:2) A worker who holds or is invested
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human society and its members
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given sentence is:3) A person who represents othersThis
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given sentence is:3) Of or relating to or belonging to a
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:4) An abstract place usually conceived as having depth
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" in the given sentence is:4) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or valueThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industrial" in the given sentence is:2) Employed in industryThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) A particular aspect
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "metal" in the given sentence is:2) Any of several chemical elements that are
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industry" in the given sentence is:1) The people or companies engaged in a
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "banking" in the given sentence is:2) Engaging in
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sector" in the given sentence is:2) A particular aspect
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "included" in the given sentence is:3) Add as part of something else;
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speakers" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who expresses in language; someone
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "exclusion" in the context of the sentence is:5) The
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearr
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "left" in the given sentence is:5) Location near or direction
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "right" in the given sentence is:5) Location near or direction
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Employment" in the given sentence is:2) The state of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Industrial" in the given sentence is:2) Employed in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Commission" in the given sentence is:5) A special group
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "high" in the sentence "a high degree of Committee of the Regions
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Member" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons who compose a social
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Parliament" among the given options is:3) A legislative assembly
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Parliament" among the given options is:3) A legislative assembly
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Economic" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Case Studies" in the given sentence is:2) A careful study of some social unit
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given sentence is:5) Contain or hold; have within
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "present" in the given sentence is:2) IntroduceIn the context of the
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policies" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action adopted by an
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practices" in the given sentence is:4) A customary way of operation or
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improve" in the given sentence is:1) Get betterThis definition best captures
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the given sentence is:2) The activities of educating or instructing
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given sentence is:7) Act of improving by expanding or enlarging
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at a specific
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "community" in the given sentence is:2) A group of people living in a particular
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of people under a
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case study" in the given sentence is:2) A careful study of some social unit
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case studies" in the given sentence is:2) A careful study of some social unit
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysed" in the given sentence is:1) Break down into components or essential
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "background" in the given sentence is:8) Information that is essential to understanding a situation
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "employment" in the given sentence is:2) The state of
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:7) The principal activity in
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" in the given sentence is:4) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate the nature,
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids or promotes well
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Visits" in the given sentence is:2) The act of going to see some
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) The questioning of a person (or
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) Of or relating to
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the sentence "These national studies will form the basis of a European report which
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "basis" in the sentence "These national studies will form the basis
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overall" in the given sentence is:1) Including everythingThe sentence "
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practices" in the given sentence is:4) A customary way of operation or
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "published" in the given sentence is:1) Prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staged" in the given sentence is:1) Plan, organize, and carry out
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:1) The fundamental assumptions from which something is begun
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the given sentence is:3) Intend (something) to move
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given sentence is:1) Record in detailThis definition best captures
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "characteristics" in the given sentence is:3) A distinguishing quality
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "barriers" in the given sentence is:3) Any condition that
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "job" in the given sentence is:4) The principal activity in
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the given sentence is:2) The activities of educating or instructing
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analyse" in the given sentence is:1) Break down into components or essential features
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "causes" in the given sentence is:4) Any entity that produces an effect or
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perspectives" in the given sentence is:3) A way of regarding situations or topics
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the given sentence is:4) Providing specific details or circumstances
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the given sentence is:4) The process whereby a person concentrates
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paid" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners is also being
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the given sentence is:1) Something proposed (such as a
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "removing" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners is also
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "barriers" in the given sentence is:3) Any condition that
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate the nature,
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:2) Confined to particular
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the given sentence is:3) Any condition that makes it difficult to
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "older" in the given sentence is:3) Advanced in years; (`aged' is
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at a specific
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seeking" in the given sentence is:3) Make an effort or attemptThe
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "early" in the given sentence is:1) At or near the
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "retirement" in the given sentence is:2) The state of
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "redundancy" in the given sentence is:1) The attribute
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the given sentence is:2) Involved in or affected by
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "retention" in the given sentence is:1) The act of
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "older" in the given sentence is:3) Advanced in years;
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "gender" in the given sentence is:1) The overt expression of
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "ethnic" in the given sentence is:2) Denoting or deriving
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backgrounds" in the given sentence is:5) A person's social heritage: previous
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at a specific
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relate" in the given sentence is:3) Have or establish a relationship to
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the given sentence is:2) Unfair treatment of a person or
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "examined" in the given sentence is:4) Consider in detail and subject to
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considers" in the given sentence is:1) Show consideration for; take into account
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the given sentence is:2) Unfair treatment of a person or
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "small" in the context of "small and medium sized enterprises" is
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enterprises" in the given sentence is:5) An organization created for business ventures
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "member" in the given sentence is:5) An organization that is a member of another
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "covered" in the given sentence is:14) Include in scope; include as part
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given sentence is:3) Writing that provides information (especially information of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open to or concerning the
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given sentence is:3) Make plain and comprehensibleThis
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group delegated to consider
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Products" in the given sentence is:7) Commodities offered for saleIn the
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:4) What something is used forThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate the nature,
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:1) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in the given sentence is:1) Carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reach" in the given sentence is:3) Reach a point in time,
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) Something (as a course of
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something that treats
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given sentence is:3) Include or contain; have as a component
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "active" in the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance mar
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance mar
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "available" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance marop
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance marop
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:1) The act of
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:3) A small flat compressed cake of some
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and have a score line on
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "score" in the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and have
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and have a score line on
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "sides" in the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and have a score line on
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) A small flat compressed cake of some
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "marked" in the given sentence is:1) Having or as if having an identifying mark
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the context of the sentence "Each tablet is marked with the Pfizer logo
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letters" in the given sentence is:4) The conventional characters of the alphabet used to
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "quantity" in the given sentence is:3) How much there is
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the context of the sentence "Each tablet is marked with the Pfizer logo
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the sentence "What is Cerenia used for?" is:5)
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "means" in the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-emetic
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "stops" in the context of "Cerenia is an anti
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Canis
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) Keep from happening or arising; make
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given sentence is:2) Give rise to; cause to happen
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something that
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cause" in the given sentence is:2) Give rise to; cause to happen or
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measures" in the given sentence is:8) Accepted or approved instance or example
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "special" in the given sentence is:5) Adapted to or reserved for a particular
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "diet" in the given sentence is:2) The usual food and drink consumed by
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given sentence is:1) The act of putting a liquid into
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given sentence is:1) The act of putting a liquid into
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "followed" in the given sentence is:2) Keep informedThis definition best fits
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:1) A dose of medicine in the form
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:2) An anticipated outcome that is intended
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "days" in the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "receptor" in the given sentence is:1) A cellular structure that is postulated to
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acts" in the given sentence is:2) Have an effect or outcome; often the
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the sentence "How has Cerenia been studied?" is:3
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carried out" in the given sentence is:1) Pursue to a conclusion
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laboratory" in the given sentence is:2) A workplace for the conduct of scientific
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Canis
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "several" in the given sentence is:3) (used with
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "benefit" in the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during the studies?" is
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:1) A written document describing the findings of
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:5) Provide evidence forThis definition best
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much;
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the given sentence is:3) Works well as a means or remedy
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placebo" in the given sentence is:2) An innocuous or inert medication;
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative of `little' usually
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the given sentence is:18) See and understand, have a good
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Canis
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Canis
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placebo" in the given sentence is:2) An innocuous or inert medication;
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:14) Take the first step or steps
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the given sentence is:1) The act of putting a liquid into
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "able" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the given sentence is:1) A dose of
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intact" in the given sentence is:3) Constituting the undiminished entirety
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the given sentence is:1) A dose of
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "follow-up" in the given sentence is:3) An activity that continues something that has
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "owner" in the given sentence is:2) A person who owns somethingThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administer" in the context of the sentence "For follow-up treatment, the animal owner
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:1) A dose of medicine in the form
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Canis (
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is:2) And nothing moreThis definition best captures
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:8) Accepted or approved instance or example of
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "addressing" in the given sentence is:7) **Adjust and aim (a golf
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "underlying" in the given sentence is:1) In the nature of something though not
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "causes" in the given sentence is:4) Any entity that produces an effect or
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "risk" in the context of the sentence "What is the risk associated
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the given sentence is:3) Usually; as a ruleThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:12) In a manner affording benefit or
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tolerated" in the given sentence is:3) Allow the presence of or allow
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administered" in the given sentence is:4) Give or apply (medications)
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "daily" in the given sentence is:1) Every day; without missing a day
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "dosages" in the given sentence is:2) The quantity of
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "doses" in the given sentence is:5) The quantity of
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extended" in the given sentence is:5) Relatively long in duration; tediously
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "duration" in the given sentence is:2) The property of enduring
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "precautions" in the given sentence is:2) A precautionary measure w
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the context of the sentence "What are the precautions for the person who gives
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gives" in the context of the sentence "What are the precautions for the person who
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the context of the sentence "What are the precautions for the person who
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contact" in the context of the sentence "What are the precautions for the person who gives
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "represent" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk for people"
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "particular" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "risk" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular risk for people"
