senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "art" in the given sentence is:1) A superior skill that you can learn
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "peculiar" in the given sentence is:3) Beyond or deviating from
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:5) An Indo-European language
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "most" in the given sentence is:1) The superlative
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "peculiarities" in the given context is:2) An odd or unusual characteristic
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "unintelligible" in the given sentence is:1) Not clearly understood
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rest" among the given options is:4) Freedom from activity (
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:8) People in general considered as
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scenes" in the given sentence is:10) The context and environment in which
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evoke" in the given sentence is:2) Call to mindIn the sentence
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loveliest" in the given context is:2) Appealing to the emotions as
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ancient" in the given sentence is:2) Belonging
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stone" in the given sentence is:7. Building material consisting of
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stands" in the given sentence is:10) Be standing; be uprightThis definition
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fields" in the given sentence is:12) Extensive tract of level open
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:4) The particular auditory effect produced
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable definition of "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of a bell being struck
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cascading" in the given sentence is:1) Rush down in big
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than its diameter
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable definition of "calling" in the given sentence is:11) Utter in a loud voice or announce
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable definition for the word "faithful" in the given sentence is:3) Any loyal and steadfast following
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evensong" in this context is:1) The sixth of the seven canonical hours
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "stop" in the given sentence is:6) Stop and wait, as if awaiting
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "door" in the given sentence is:4) The entrance (the space in a wall)
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:7) In Christianity, members of a religious community
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "here" in the sentence is:1) In or at this place; where
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable definition for "always" in the given sentence is:2) At all times; all the time and on
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than its diameter; can
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "men" in the given sentence is:11) An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pull" in the given context is:3) Apply force so as to cause motion towards
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:2) A strong lineThis definition refers to
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	The most suitable definition of "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar or comparable in kind or
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "first" in the given sentence is:2) Before another in time
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sounded" in the given sentence is:4) Announce by means of
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discordant" in the given sentence is:2) Lacking in
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "note" in the given sentence is:5) A notation representing the pitch and duration of
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "enjoying" in the given sentence is:1) Take delight inThis definition
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of a bell being
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cool" in the given sentence is:6) Neither warm nor very cold;
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part of the day
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "most" in the sentence is:2) (superlative of `many
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in this context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "churches" is:4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship.This definition
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition for "sets" in the given context is:17) A group of things of the same kind that
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "once" in the given sentence is:2) On one occasion
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The correct answer is:2) A person who rings church bells (as for summoning the group).The sentence is referring
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) First day of the week;
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "morning" in the given sentence is:3) The first light
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "evening" in the given sentence is:3) A later concluding time period
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable definition of "service" in the given sentence is:16) A service conducted in a house of worship
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment.The sentence
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "only" in the given sentence is:4) Except thatThe sentence "Now, only
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "ringer" is:3) A contestant entered in a competition
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable definition of "remains" in the given context is:3) Be left; of persons, questions,
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition of "here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place; where the speaker
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "live" in the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is:4) Inhabit
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "group" in the given sentence is:8) Any number of entities (members) considered as
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "including" in the given sentence is:3) Add as part of something else; put in
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "training" in the given sentence is:2) The activities of educating
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "drive" in the given sentence is:22) Proceed along in a vehicleThis
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Sunday" in the given context is:1) First day of the week;
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "effort" in the given sentence is:4) Use of physical or mental energy;
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable definition of "keep" in the given sentence is:9) Continue a certain state, condition, or activity
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sounding" in the given context is:1) Make a certain noise or sound.
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "even" in the given sentence is:3) In fact (used as intens
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "service" in the given sentence is:6) Work done by one person
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tower" in this context is:5) A structure taller than its diameter;
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scrape" in the given context is:2) Cut the surface of;
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudIn this sentence,
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "worker" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at a specific
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the given sentence is:6) Make an effort or attemptThis
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "train" in the given sentence is:4) Develop (children's) behavior by instruction and
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "discos" in the given sentence is:2) A public dance hall for dancing to recorded
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dances" in the given sentence is:2) Taking a series
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for "just" in the given sentence is:3) Only a moment agoThe word "just
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drift" in the given sentence is:10) Wander from a
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "away" in the given sentence is:11) Out of the way (especially
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "worries" in the given sentence is:5) Be worried,
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "youth" in the given sentence is:5) The time of
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ranks" in the given sentence is:8) Position in a
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:4) An organization of musicians
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "keeps" in the given sentence is:19) Look after; be the keeper
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "History" is:2) The aggregate of past eventsThis definition is the most suitable
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the given sentence "History, after all, is not on his side"
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition for "survey" in this context is:4) A form containing a set of questions; submitted to
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition of "taken" in the given sentence is:7) Have sex with; archaic useIn
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "year" among the given options is:5) A period of time
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "no" in the given sentence is:3) Used to express refusal or
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The correct answer is:6) Make (bells) ring, often for the purposes of musical edificationThis definition
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Sundays" in the given sentence is:1) First day
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ring" in the given sentence is:6) Make (bells
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the given sentence is:5) Posing no difficulty; requiring little effort
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art is on the
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ancient" in the given sentence would be:2) Belonging to times long
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable definition of "art" in the sentence is:6) The creation of beautiful or significant thingsThis definition
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of littleIn this
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "version" in the given sentence is:6) Something a little different from others
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "playing" in the given sentence is:31) Use or moveThe sentence states "
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tunes" in this context is:3) A succession of notes forming a distinctive sequence
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "continental" in the given sentence is:1) Of or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Europe" in the given sentence is:3) The 2nd
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considered" in the given sentence is:6) Deem to beThis definition
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:5) An Indo-European language
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fit" in the given sentence is:4) (usually followed by
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:4) Except thatThis
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	The most suitable definition for "foreigners" in the given sentence is:2) A person who comes from a foreign country
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:5) An Indo-European language belonging
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "invented" is:2) Come up with (
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "years" among the given options is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition is:3) Have need ofIn this context, "requires" means that the bells need to
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "physical" in the given sentence is:4) Involving the body as distinguished from
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "weigh" in the given sentence is:2) Have weight; have
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable definition for "intense" in the given context is:2) Possessing or displaying a distinctive feature
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mental" in the given sentence is:1) Involving the mind or an intellectual
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable definition for "concentration" among the given options is:8) Complete attention; intense mental effortThis
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition of "rounds" among the options is:15) A partsong in which voices follow each other
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "highest-pitched" is:2) Used of sounds and voices; high in pitch or
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bell" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument consisting
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lowest" in the context of the sentence is:9) Used of
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:6. Having few parts; not complex or complicated or
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scale" in the given sentence is:11) (music) a series of
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:1) Avail oneself toThis definition fits the
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "churches" in the given sentence is:4) A place for
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:7) A percussion instrument
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Then" is:2) At that timeThe sentence is describing an action that happens
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "signal" in the given context is:1) Any nonverbal action or gesture that
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "begin" in the given sentence is:6) Be the first item or point
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "varying" in the given sentence is:1) Become different in some particular
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "order" is:15) Established customary state (especially
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable definition of "bells" in this context is:7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set of tuned
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "sound" in the given sentence is:7) Give off a certain sound or soundsThis
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "altering" in the given sentence is:2) Become different in some
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "steady" in the given context is:4) Securely in position; not
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rhythm" in the given context is:5) The basic rhythmic unit
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	The most suitable definition for "striking" in the given sentence is:2) The act of contacting one thing with another
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variation" in the given sentence is:5) Something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "occur" in the given sentence is:3) Come to pass
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the given sentence is:4) Except thatIn
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "once" in the given sentence is:2) On one occasion.
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rules" among the given options is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:3) Express in words
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "Ringers" in this context is:2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "methods" in this context is:4) A way of doing something, especially a systematic
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "names" in the given sentence is:6) A language unit by
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "series" in the given sentence is:8) Similar things placed in order or happening one
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "takes" in the sentence "A series of 5,000 or so changes
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) im
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "hours" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "look" in the given sentence is:3) The general atmosphere of a place or situation and
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition of "night" in this context is:1) The time after sunset and before sunrise while it is
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "practice" in the given sentence is:8) Systematic training by
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable definition of "gives" in the given sentence is:7) Allow to have or takeThe sentence
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "work" in the given sentence is:11) Activity directed toward making or doing
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable definition of "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association or use
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "ringers" is:3) A contestant entered in
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "stand" is:10) Be standing; be upright
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "circle" in the given sentence is:7) Movement once around a
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "foot" in the given context is:11) The part of the leg of a human
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ahead" in the given sentence is:5) At or in the front
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stance" in this context is:1) Standing postureIn this sentence,
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "pulling" in the context of the given sentence would be:3) Apply force so as
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rope" in the given sentence is:2) A strong line
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:5) Not large but sufficient in size or amount
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition for "hole" in the given sentence is:5) An opening into or through somethingThis definition
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the given sentence is:6) (literal meaning) being at or having
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "ceiling" is:1) The overhead upper surface
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in the given sentence is:3) A natural or artificial enclosed space.
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "speaks" in the given sentence is:3) Use languageIn this context, "
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "ropes" is:2) A strong line
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "make" in the given sentence is:* 6) Make by
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the given sentence is:4) The particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of a bell being
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muffled" in the given sentence is:1) Deaden (a sound or noise
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ceiling" in the given sentence is:1) The overhead upper
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "absorbed" is:1) Giving or marked
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "ringers" is:3) A contestant entered in
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) Fixate one's eyesThe word "stare" in the sentence means to
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "straight" in this context is:2) In a straight line; in a
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "ahead" in the given sentence is:3) In a forward directionThis definition matches the
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ for
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable definition for "call" in the context of the sentence "they call it `` rope-sight `` " would
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "watch" in the given sentence is:2) Observe or determine by looking
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:2) A strong lineThe context of
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thus" in the given sentence is:2) (used to introduce a logical conclusion)
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:2) Adjust so that a force is applied and an
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable definition of "pulls" among the given options is:5) The act of pulling; applying force to
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Far" in the given sentence is:4) At or to a great distance in
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	Based on the sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "above" is:1) In or to a place that is
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bronze" in the given sentence is:1) Made from or
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition of "bells" in the given context is:7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set of
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable definition for "mounted" in the given sentence is:2) Fix onto a backing, setting, or support
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "wheels" in the given sentence is:5) A simple machine consisting
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "swing" in the given sentence is:6) Change direction with a swinging motion
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "madly" in the given sentence is:2) In an uncontrolled mannerIn
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the given sentence is:4) Complete in extent or degree and in every
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "degrees" in the given sentence is:6) A measure for arcs
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable definition for "starting" in the given sentence is:5) Begin or set in motionThis definition best
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ending" is:3) Be the end of
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inverted" in the given sentence is:2) Being in such a position that top
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "position" in the given sentence is:10) The spatial property of a place where or
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in this context is:2) A person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "use" is:7) Put into service; make
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "retard" in the given sentence is:3) Cause to move
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "swing" among the options provided is:4) The act of swinging a golf club at
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "so" in the given sentence is:6) In such a condition or manner
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable definition for "bell" in the given context is:8) United States inventor (born in Scotland) of
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	Based on the context provided, the most suitable dictionary definition of "swap" is:2) Exchange or give (something)
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable definition of "places" in the given sentence is:18) Any area set aside for a particular purpose
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "well-known" in this context is:1) Widely or fully knownThe sentence describes
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "involving" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:5) Occupy or
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given context is:4) A place for public (
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "English" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to or
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable definition for "described" in the given sentence is:2) To give an account or representation of in
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "passion" in the given sentence is:3) Any object of
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the given context is:7) Find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "satisfaction" among the given options is:5) The contentment one feels when one
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given context is:5) Characterized
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable definition for "completeness" in the context of the sentence is:1) The state of being complete
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mechanical" in the given context is:1) Relating
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "perfection" in the given sentence is:3) The state of
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Ringers" is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "added" in the given sentence is:2) State or say further
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	Based on the context, the most suitable definition for "filled" is:1) (usually followed by `with' or
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solemn" in the given sentence is:2) Dignified and somber in
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comes" in the given sentence is:7) Reach a destination, either real or abstract
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ritual" in the given sentence is:2) Any customary observ
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "performed" in the given sentence is:1) Carry out or
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "become" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo a change or development
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "obsession" in the given sentence is:3) An unhealthy and compuls
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "admits" in the given sentence is:4) Declare to be true
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "master" in the given context is:13) Any person (or institution) who acts
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable definition of "best" in the given context is:1) (superlative of 'good') having
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "female" in the given sentence is:2) For or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ringer" in this context is:2) A person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "passion" in the given sentence is:3) Any object of warm affection
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable definition of "stays" in the given sentence is:1) Continue in a place, position, or
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tower" in the given sentence is:5) A structure taller than its diameter
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "however" in the given sentence is:3) By contrast; on the other
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The correct answer is:2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extentThe sentence "More often than not
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable definition of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or instances.In this context
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The correct answer is: 2) A person who rings church bells (as for summoning the congregation).The sentence "
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think of" in the given sentence is:4) Choose in one's mindThis
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition for "bottom" in the given sentence is:6) The lower side of anythingThis definition accurately
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completed" in the given sentence is:3) Complete or carry outThis definition best
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "worked up" in the given context is:2) Form or accumulate steadilyIn this sentence
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sweat" in the given sentence is:4) Use of
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "ringer" is:2) A person who rings
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable definition of "often" in the given sentence is:3) Frequently or in great quantitiesThe sentence states
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition of "skip" in the given sentence is:6) Jump lightlyIn this context, "r
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "leaving" in the given sentence is:5) Move away from a place
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "worship" in the given sentence is:2) A feeling of profound love
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "below" in the given sentence is:4) In or to a place
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "well" in the sentence "This does not sit well with some clerics"
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "membership" in the given sentence is:1) The body of members
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steadily" in this context is:1) In a steady mannerThis definition implies
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicars" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England) a clergy
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pressing" in the given sentence is:14) Exert oneself continuously, vigorously,
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable definition for "equally" in this context is:2) To the same degree (often followed by '
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable definition of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or instancesThis definition fits
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in this context is:2) A person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable definition of "attend" in the given sentence is:7) Be present at (meetings, church services
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "services" among the given options is:6) Work done by one person or group that
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The correct answer is:5) A period of time containing 365 (or 366) daysThe sentence states "
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	Based on the given context, the most suitable definition for "vicar" is:2) (Church of England) a
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "got" in the sentence is:9) Go or come after and bring
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `that') to
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in this context is:2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attend" in the given context is:7) Be present at (meetings
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "service" in the given sentence is:14) An act of help or assistance
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable definition for "sacked" in this context is:1) Terminate the employment of; discharge from an
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable definition of "entire" in the given sentence is:4) Constituting the full quantity or extent;
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable definition for "ringer" in this context is:2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The correct definition is:1) With little or no delayThis definition of "promptly" matches the context of the
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable definition of "protest" in the given context is:3) The act of protesting; a public (
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable definition of "club" among the options is:9) A formal association of people with similar interests.This
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the given sentence is:4) Regard or consider in a specific
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	Based on the context provided, the most suitable definition for the word "tower" is:5) A structure taller than its
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sort" in the given sentence is:5) A category of things
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable definition for "separate" in the given sentence is:3) Independent; not united or jointThe
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the sentence "An entirely new band rings today at Great Torrington,
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable definition of "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present moment (as
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable definition of "members" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons who compose a social group
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) A group of people who adhere to a
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "still" in the given sentence is:1) With reference to action or condition; without
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition of "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (as
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable definition for "ring" in the given sentence is:6) Make (bells) ring, often for
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:9) (nautical) each of the
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bells" in the given context is:6) The sound of a bell being struck
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "silent" in this context is:4) Marked by absence of soundThis definition
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "following" in the given sentence is:3) Come after in time, as
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable definition of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England) a clergyman
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "refuses" in this context is:5) Show unwillingness towardsIn this sentence
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable definition of "talk about" in this context is:2) To consider or examine in speech or writing
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "saying" in the given sentence is:4) State as one
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feels" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fault" in the given sentence is:1) Responsibility for a bad
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "next" in this context is:1) Nearest in space or position;
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	Based on the context, the most suitable definition of "altar" in this sentence is:2) The table in Christian churches
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "So" is:3) Subsequently or soon afterward
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "here" in the given sentence is:3) In this circumstance or respect or
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The correct answer is:2) A person who rings church bells (as for summoning the congregation)In the context of
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable definition of "above" in this context is:1) In or to a place that is higherIn
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given context is:4) Represent fictitiously, as in a
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "very" in the given sentence is:2) Used as intensifiers
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exit" in the given sentence is:1) An opening that permits
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "congregation" in this context is:2) An assemblage of people
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable definition of "prayer" in the given context is:1) The act of communicating with a deity (
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudIn the sentence, the
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "admits" in the sentence is:4) Declare to be true or
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "mixed" in the given sentence is:2) Consisting of a haphazard
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "feelings" in the given sentence is:2) The experiencing of affective
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "vicar" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the given sentence is:3) (used of verbs (e.g.
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell-ringer" in this context is:1) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the given sentence is:4) The particular auditory effect produced by a given
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of a
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "draw" is:23) Move or pull so as to cover
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "church" in the given sentence is:4) A place for public (especially Christian
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudThe sentence "The
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:3) Pursue a positive and satisfying existence
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The correct answer is: 5) Grounds for feeling hopeful about the future.In the given sentence, "hopes
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable definition of "drawn" in the given sentence is:12) Move or go steadily or graduallyThis
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable definition for "fuller" in the given sentence is:4) Complete in extent or degree and in every
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:7) The experience of being
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable definition for "sort" in this context is:5) A category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parliament" in the given sentence is:3) A legislative assembly
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people who work together.
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "aims" in the given sentence is:3) Intend (something
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "improve" in this context is:1) Get betterIn this
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicars" in the given sentence is:2) (Church of England) a clergy
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "says" in the given sentence is:11) Express in words.The sentence states
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the given sentence is:2) The officer who presides at the
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in this context is:1) Intend with some possibility of fulfilment
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speak" in the given sentence is:2) Express in speech
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable definition is:1) An institution of higher education created to educate and grant degrees; often a part of a
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "joys" in the given sentence is:2) Something or someone that provides a source
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bell ringing" is:2) Playing a set of bells that are
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "shortly" in the given sentence is:2) In the near future
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publish" in this context is:2) Have (one's written work) issued for
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable definition is:2) (Church of England) a clergyman appointed to act as priest of a parish
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	The most suitable definition of "entitled" in the given context is:3) Give the right toIn this sentence
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable definition for "Bells" in the given context is:7) A percussion instrument consisting of a set of
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable definition for the word "Care" in the given sentence is:3) Attention and management implying responsibility for safety
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Says" among the given options is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recognize" in the given sentence is:6) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "no" in the given sentence is:3) Used to express refusal
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "high" in the given sentence is:7) Greater than normal in
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The correct answer is:4) Status established in order of importance or urgencyIn this sentence, Mr. Baldwin is stating
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable definition of "church" from the given options is:4) A place for public (especially Christian) worship
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:15) The condition of living
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of knowledge or
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "attacking" in the sentence is:3) Attack in speech or writing
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "problem" in this context is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in this context is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under false pret
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "survey" in the given sentence is:4) A form containing a set of questions
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bellringers" in the given sentence is:1) A person
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "only" in the given sentence is:4) Except thatIn this context,
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "still" in the given sentence is:1) With reference to action or condition
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rings church bells (
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable definition of "always" in the given sentence is:2) At all times; all the time and on
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "live" in the given sentence is:4) Inhabit or live in;
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bells" in the given sentence is:6) The sound of a bell
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "need" in the given sentence is:1) Have need ofThis definition implies
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "rung" in the given sentence is:6) Make (bells)
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the given sentence is:3) Limited in size or scopeThis definition
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "council" in the given sentence is:1) A body serving in an
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:5) A system of projects or services intended
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attract" in the given sentence is:2) Be attractive toThis
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable definition of "train" in the given sentence is:12) Undergo training or instruction in preparation for a
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in the given context is:3) A contestant entered
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	The correct answer is: 4) Except thatIn this sentence, "only" is used to indicate that the council
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "Right" is:11) Toward or on the right;
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable definition for "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present momentThis definition accurately captures
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The correct answer is:3) Having or bringing good fortuneIn the given sentence, "lucky" is used to
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "years" is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) A contestant entered
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	The most suitable definition for "adds" in the given sentence is:2) State or say furtherIn this sentence,
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bright" in the given sentence is:5) Clear and sharp and
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sign" in this context is:9) A perceptible indication of something not immediately apparent
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "number" among the given options is:9) The property possessed by
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable definition of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (as opposed to a
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable definition of "entered" in the given sentence is:1) Become a participant; be involved inThis
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) At a previous timeThe sentence indicates that
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "field" in the given sentence is:14) An abstraction or characteristic of an entity
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "third" in the given sentence is:5) Following the second position in an ordering or
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable definition for "ringers" in this context is:2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable definition of "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present moment (as
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "accepted" in the given sentence is:8) Give an affirmative reply to;
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:2) Despite anything to the contrary (usually following
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable definition is:2) Playing a set of bells that are (usually) hung in a towerThis definition
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:8) Any number of entities
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable definition for "country" in this context is:3) The territory occupied by a nationThis definition is
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "founded" in the given sentence is:1) Set up or
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in this context is:4) Stay the same; remain in a certain
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particularly" in the given sentence is:3) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:8) Any number of entities
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable definition of "ringer" in this context is:2) A person who rings church bells (as for
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable definition is:2) Used to form the superlativeIn the sentence, "most prestigious" is
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "churches" in the given sentence is:4) A place for
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "filed" in the given sentence is:2) Record in a public office
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable definition for "suit" in the given sentence is:6) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in this context is:2) The point or degree to which something extends
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The correct answer is:3) Come to the surfaceIn the given sentence, "surfaced" means "to come
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	The most suitable definition of "summer" in the given context is:1) The warmest season of the year; in
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "series" in the given sentence is:5) A periodical that appears
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable definition of "letters" in this context is:1) A written message addressed to a person or organization
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	The most suitable definition for "newspaper" is:1) A daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "ringers" in this context is:2) A person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable definition is:3) Writes (books or stories or articles or the like) professionally (for pay)This
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signing" in the given context is:3) Mark with one's signature; write
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "letter" among the given options is:1) A written message addressed
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "male" in the given context is:3) An adult person who is
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "remarked" in the given sentence is:2) Make or write a comment on
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable definition for "frequency" in this context is:4) The number of occurrences within a given time period
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "women" in this context is:2) An adult female person (as opposed
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "suggested" in the given sentence is:5) Imply as a
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable definition of "back" in the given context is:2) At or to or toward the back or rear
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "traditional" in this context is:2) Consisting of or derived from tradition
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable definition of "role" in the given sentence is:3) Normal or customary activity of a person in a
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "making" in the given sentence is:6) Make by shaping or bringing
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tea" in the given sentence is:4) A beverage made by
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable definition of "meetings" in this context is:1) The social act of assembling for some common purpose
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable definition of "torrent" in this context is:3) A violently fast stream of water (or other liquid
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The correct definition of "replies" in this context is:2) A statement (either spoken or written) that is
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "followed" in the given sentence is:1) Follow, discover, or
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The correct answer is:3) A contestant entered in a competition under false pretensesThe context of the sentence implies that
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "observed" in the given sentence is:6) Observe with care or pay close
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable definition for "average" in the given sentence is:3) Relating to or constituting the middle value
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "male" in the given sentence is:2) For or pertaining to
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The correct answer is 3) A contestant entered in a competition under false pretenses.In the given sentence, "r
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "badly" in the given sentence is:8) (`ill'
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The correct answer is 3) Dressed or clothed especially in fine attire; often used in combination.In the given
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The correct answer is:2) Above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extentIn the given sentence,
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The correct definition is:2) Not cleaned with or as if with soap and water.The word "unwashed"
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable definition for "wrote" in the given sentence is:2) Communicate or express by writingThis
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The correct answer is: 4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare.In the given sentence, "say
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing 365 (or
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "never" is:2) Not at all; certainly not;
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable definition for "known" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "lady" is:6) A woman of the peer
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "belfry" is:1) A tower that
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable definition of "seen" among the provided options is:8) Observe, check out, and look over
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition of "men" in the given sentence would be:12) The generic use of the word to refer
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "die" in the given sentence is:2) Pass from physical life and lose
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Medical" in the given sentence is:1) Relating to the
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "starting" in the given sentence is:5) Begin or set in motionThis definition
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) A small number or amountIn this context, "handful" is used to
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiledIn this
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "unleash" in the given sentence is:2) Release or ventIn this
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chaotic" in the given sentence is:3) Completely unordered and unpredictable and confusing
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the process
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable definition is:2) Be characteristic ofIn the given sentence, "characterizes" is used to mean
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition of "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis definition
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recent" in the given sentence is:1) Of the immediate past
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable definition of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately 30 days
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable definition of "develops" among the given options is:19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "understanding" in the given sentence is:5) The capacity for
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expected" in the given sentence is:6) Regard something as probable or likely
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "produce" in the given sentence is:6) Give rise to; cause to
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "array" in the given sentence is:2) (mathematics)
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for "new" in the sentence is:7. Not of long duration; having just (or relatively
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategies" in the given sentence is:2) An elaborate and systematic plan of action
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable definition of "future" in the given sentence is:3) A verb tense or other formation referring to events
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "future" among the given options is:2) The time yet to
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "developing" in the context of the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The correct answer is:1) Use as a basis for; found onIn this sentence, "based" is used
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "identified" in the given sentence is:4) Recognize as being; establish
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable definition of "time" from the given options that best identifies its meaning in the sentence is:7) A
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "otherwise" in the given sentence is:1) In other respects or
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "healthy" in the given sentence is:3) Having or indicating good
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	The most suitable definition for "individual" in the given context is:2) A single organismThis definition refers to a
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:2) Has a good chance
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "get" is:10) Be stricken by an
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in the context of the sentence is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "set" in the given sentence is:17) A group of things
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable definition of "discoveries" in this context is:1) A productive insightThe sentence is describing a
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement;
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "found" in the sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The correct answer is:4) Except thatThe sentence is using "only" to mean "except that", which indicates
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The correct definition is:1) A period of 10 years.The sentence is referring to a decade as a period of
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "knew" in the given sentence is:5) Be cogniz
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "molecular" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present moment
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "accumulation" is:3) Several things grouped together or considered as
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "altered" in the given sentence is:3) Changed in form
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable definition of "initiate" in this context is:3) Take the lead or initiative in; participate in
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for "then" in the given sentence is:3) In that case or as a consequenceIn
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "propel" is:2) Cause to move forward with forceThis definition accurately captures
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "deadly" in this context is:5) Causing or capable of causing death
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:5) The way something is
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "call" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Ascribe a quality to
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for "class" in the given sentence is:3) A collection of things sharing a common attribute
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable definition of "simply" in the given sentence is:4) In a simple manner; without extravagance
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "functioning" in the given sentence is:3) Serve a purpose, role
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the given sentence is:6) Make by shaping or bringing together constituents
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the given sentence is:9) Contain or hold; have within
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" among the options provided is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the process of
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damaged" in the given sentence is:3) Suffer or
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "radiation" in the given sentence is:2) High-energy radiation
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:14) Have an effect or outcome; often the one
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable definition for "cells" is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit of all organisms;
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" among the options is:3) Direct at someoneHowever, this definition is
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the given sentence is:4) Recognize as being; establish the name
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "differ" in this context is:2) Be differentThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition of "family" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) a taxonomic group containing one
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "discovered" in the given sentence is:2) Discover or determine the existence,
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The correct answer is:1) At or near the beginning of a period of time or course of events or before the usual
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) Assign a specified (usually proper) proper
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "present" in the given sentence is:2) Temporal sense;
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "become" in the sentence is:1) Enter or assume a certain
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or constituting a norm or
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or affected with
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "suggesting" in the given sentence is:5) Imply as a possibility
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cause" in the given sentence is:2) Give rise to;
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The correct answer is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition of "recent" is:1) Of the immediate past or just previous to the present time.This
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The correct definition is:1) A time unit of approximately 30 daysThis definition accurately describes "months" in the
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable definition of "believe" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take to be true
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable definition of "turn" in the given sentence is:3) Direct at someoneIn this context, "
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	The correct answer is 4) Except that.The sentence implies that the oncogene's ability to turn proliferating cells malignant
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	The most suitable definition of "damaged" is:3) Suffer or be susceptible to damageThis definition accurately captures
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "inherited" among the options is:3) Receive by genetic transmissionThis definition accurately
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "copy" in this context is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the given sentence is:6) Make by shaping or bringing together constituents
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "needed" in the given sentence is:1) Have need of
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "control" in the given sentence is:2) Handle and cause to
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "arise" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Originate
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable definition of "impaired" in the given context is:2) Diminished in strength, quality, or
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "person" in the given sentence is:4) A human being
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "born" in the given sentence is:14) Cause to be bornThis definition indicates the
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given context is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	The correct answer is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another thingThe sentence states that the person
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The correct definition of "early" in the given sentence is:1) Before the usual time or the time expectedThis
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" among the given options is:15) The condition of living
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater extent
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable definition of "only" in this context is:4) Except thatThis definition indicates that the speaker is
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable definition of "lose" in the given context is:9) Fail to keep or to maintain; cease to
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The correct definition of "other" in this context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	The most suitable definition of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "develop" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Emerging" in this context is:2) Coming into existenceThis definition best fits
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating to or produced by or
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "able" in the given sentence is:4) Having inherent physical or
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individuals" in the given sentence is:1) A human beingThis definition is
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the given sentence is:2) Expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life (
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "first" in the sentence is:3) Preceding all others
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beneficiaries" in the sentence "Bill and Bonnie Quinlan
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is foundIn this context
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "couple" in the given sentence is:1) A pair of
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "even" in the given sentence is:3) In fact (used as intens
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the given sentence is:3) Earlier in time; previously.This definition
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "became" in this context is:2) Undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pregnant" among the given options is:2) Carrying developing offspring within the body
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "child" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable definition of "chance" in the given sentence is:5) A measure of how likely it is that
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given context is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable definition of "occurs" in the given sentence is:3) Come to passThis definition indicates that
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The correct answer is:5) (of quantities) imprecise but fairly close to correct.The sentence states that ret
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	The correct answer is:2) On one occasionThe word "once" is used to indicate a single occurrence or instance
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "births" in the given sentence is:5) The event of
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "knew" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for "carried" in the given sentence is:41) Bear or be able to bear the weight
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiledIn this
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable definition of "lost" in the given context is:11) Suffer the loss of a person through death
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	The correct answer is: 6) As recently as.The sentence "when he was only two months old" means that
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mother" in the given sentence is:6) A woman who has given birth
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in the given context is:6. Undergo or sufferThis definition
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fate" in the given sentence is:1) Your overall circumstances
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "baby" in the given sentence is:9) A very young child
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "isolation" in the given sentence is:4) The act of isolating
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The correct answer is: 2) Undergo a change or development.The sentence indicates that the retinoblastoma
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening or existingThe
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The correct answer is: 9) Immediately past.The word "last" in the sentence "last January" indicates that
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find out" in the given context is:1) Find out, learn, or determine
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "threat" in the given sentence is:3) Something that is a
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition of "baby" in the given sentence is:6) An unborn child; a human fetusThis
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "faced" in the given sentence is:1) Oppose, as in
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "using" in the sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ for a
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable definition of "showed" in the given context is:3) Establish the validity of something, as by
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given sentence is:3) (quantifier used with mass nouns) small
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable definition is:3) Receive by genetic transmissionThis definition accurately describes the meaning of "inherited" in
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "faced" in the given sentence is:1) Oppose, as in
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	Based on the context, the most suitable definition of "more" is:1) (comparative of `many'
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "risk" in this context is:4) A source of danger; a possibility
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The correct answer is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expectedIn this context,
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developing" among the given options is:19) Grow, progress, unfold, or
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "made" in the given sentence is:6) Make by shaping or bringing together constituents.This
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudThis definition accurately captures
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in the given sentence is:1) A human beingThe sentence refers to a
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expect" in the given sentence is:6) Regard something as
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve through
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable definition for "Equally" in the given sentence is:1) In equal amounts or shares; in a
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable definition of "controls" in the given context is:5) Exercise authoritative control or power overThis definition
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:5) Organize or be responsible forThis definition
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "doctor" in this context is:1) A licensed medical practitionerThis definition
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "named" in the given sentence is:4) Mention and identify by nameThis
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "opened" in the given sentence is:11) Cause to open or
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable definition is:1) Of the immediate past or just previous to the present timeThis definition accurately describes the
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable definition for the word "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately 30
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable definition of "exploded" in the given sentence is:4) Increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "turns out" is:4) Prove to be in the result or endThis
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "studying" in the given sentence is:3) Consider in detail and subject to
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tragic" in the given sentence is:2) Very sad; especially involving grief or
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition of "uncommon" in the given sentence is:1) Not common or ordinarily encountered; unusually great
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable definition for "made" in the given sentence is:6) Make by shaping or bringing together constituents.This
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fundamental" in this context is:2) Being or involving basic facts or
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "insights" in this context is:4) The clear (and often sudden) understanding
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "basic" in the given sentence is:1) Reduced to the simplest
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable definition for "director" in the given sentence is:1) A person who rules or guides or inspires others
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition of "public" in this context is:3) People in general considered as a wholeThis definition
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition of "concerned" in the given sentence is:3) Feeling or showing worry or solicitude
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advances" in the given sentence is:5) A change for
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (especially
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable definition of "basic" in this context is:2) Pertaining to or constituting a base or basis
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:11) Take the first step or steps in carrying
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "showing" in the given sentence is:11) Be or become
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "there" in the given sentence is:1) In that matterThe sentence implies that
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the given sentence "Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "last" in the given sentence is:9) Immediately pastThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "spring" in the given sentence is:6) The season of growthThis definition
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition of "reported" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result of an investigation or
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "finding" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the sentence is:4) Ascribe a quality to or give a name
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable definition is:2) Make worse or less effectiveThe word "impaired" in the sentence means that
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable definition for "turns" in the given sentence is:7) Cause to change or turn into something different
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "healthy" in the given sentence is:3) Having or indicating good health in
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable definition of "colon" in the given sentence is:3) The part of the large intestine between the c
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cancerous" in the context of the sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some individual
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The correct answer is: 1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied.In this sentence, "other
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable definition of "teams" in this context is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)This definition
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) A perceptible indication
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar or
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable definition is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiledIn this context, "damaged" refers to
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "present" in the given sentence is:2) Temporal sense; intermediate between past
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The correct definition of "tissue" is:2) Part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The correct answer is 2) Used to form the superlative.In this sentence, "most" is used to
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable definition of "common" among the given options is:1) Having no special distinction or quality; widely known
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "forms" in the given sentence is:11) (biology) a group of organisms
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "killing" among the given options that identifies the meaning in the sentence "collectively killing
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Americans" in the given sentence is:4) A native or inhabit
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Right" in the given sentence is:11) Toward or on the right;
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable definition for "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) imprecise but fairly
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable definition is:2) A workplace for the conduct of scientific research.This definition accurately describes "laboratories
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable definition of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "racing" in the given sentence is:1) To work as
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition of "other" in the given sentence is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "alone" in the given sentence is:2) Without any others being included
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable definition of "combination" among the given options is:3) The act of combining things to form a new
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "appears" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true,
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition of "crucial" in the given sentence is:2) Having crucial relevanceThe word "
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:8) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable definition for "scourges" in this context is:2) Something causing misery or death.This definition
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:4) That part of the central
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable definition of "skin" from the given options is:8) A natural protective body covering and site of the
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable definition of "cervix" is:1) Necklike opening to the uterusThis definition is the
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "versions" among the given options is:6) Something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "especially" in this context is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than is
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in this context is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "explaining" in the given sentence is:2) Serve as a reason
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finally" in the given sentence is:2) As the end result of a succession or
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancers" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable definition of "seem" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable definition for the word "certain" in the given sentence is:6) Certain to occur; destined or
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable definition for "families" in this context is:6) People descended from a common ancestor.This definition
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable definition of "story" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:2) A message that tells the
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "goes back" in the sentence is:1) Belong to
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "named" in the given sentence is:4) Mention and identify by
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposed" in this context is:2) Make a proposal, declare a plan for
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable definition of "stemmed" in the given context is:3) Grow out of, have roots in,
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "separate" in the given context is:3) Independent; not united
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given context is:4) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	The most suitable definition of "defects" in this context is:3) An imperfection in a bodily systemThis
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The correct definition is:3) To believe especially on uncertain or tentative grounds"Theorized" is a verb that means
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sightThis
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth or
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiledIn
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "copy" in this context is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable definition of "developed" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first in position
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or constituting a norm
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiledThis definition
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "way" in the sentence "But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "prove" in the given sentence is:3) Establish the validity of something,
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "theory" in the given sentence is:3) A tentative insight into
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "Back" in the given sentence is:4) In or to or toward a past time
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable definition of "then" in this sentence is:2) At that timeThe sentence implies that the speaker
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "specific" in the given context is:2) (sometimes followed by 'to
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable definition of "see" in the given context is:8) Observe, check out, and look over
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "pairs" in this context is:2) A set of two similar things considered as a
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable definition of "contain" in the given sentence is:3) Include or contain; have as a component
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "gross" in the given sentence is:4) Visible to the naked eye (
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "damage" in the given sentence is:3) Loss of military equipment.This
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "visible" in the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome damage was visible" is:2
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "found" in the sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "eye" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The correct answer is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell division; it may spread to
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The correct answer is:3) Receive by genetic transmissionThis definition best describes the meaning of "inherited" in the
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiled
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	The most suitable definition of "copy" in the context of the sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "parent" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actually" in the given sentence is:4) Used to imply that
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bit" in the given sentence is:3) A small piece or
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumed" in the given sentence is:4) Take to be the case or to
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition of "piece" in the given sentence is:2) A separate part of a wholeThis definition
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contained" in the given sentence is:3) Include or contain; have as a component
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loss" in the given sentence is:10) The disadvantage that results from losing something
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "critical" in the given sentence is:6) Urgently needed; absolutely necessary
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition for "setting off" in this context is:2) Set in motion or cause to beginIn
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable definition of "then" in the given sentence is:2) At that timeThe word "then"
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "scientific" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "led" in the given sentence is:2) Be in charge ofThis definition accurately
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon afterward (often used as
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence,
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (either
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service;
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable definition of "battery" in this context is:2) A device that produces electricity; may have several primary
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developed" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold, or
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the given sentence is:3) The tangible substance that goes into the makeup
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "presence" in the given sentence is:7) The state of being
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analyzing" in the given sentence is:4) Consider in detail
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "extracted" in the given sentence is:5) Remove, usually with some force
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The correct answer is:5) The organ of sightThis definition is the most suitable to describe "eye" in the
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "defects" in the given context is:3) An imperfection in a bodily system
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable definition is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another thingIn this context, "
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable definition for "exact" in the given sentence is:4) Marked by strict and particular and complete accordance
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given context is:3) Preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "finding" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is:
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the sentence "The finding riveted medicine" is:
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:8) The continuum of experience in
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:3) Establish the validity of something, as by
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable definition of "loss" among the given options is:10) The disadvantage that results from losing somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	The most suitable definition of "copies" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "same" in the given sentence is:3) Same in identityThis definition
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "lead" in the sentence is:9) Move ahead (of others) in time
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "eruption" in the context of the given sentence is:5) The sudden occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "satisfying" in the given context is:2) Providing freedom from worryThe
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in this context is:11) Express in wordsThis definition indicates that "
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present momentThis definition
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable definition of "true" in the given sentence is:11. Consistent with fact or reality; not false
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable definition for "true" in the given sentence is:11) Consistent with fact or reality; not false
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The correct definition that identifies the meaning of "cancers" is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "audacious" in the given sentence is:3) Disposed to venture or take risks
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "claim" in the context of the sentence "It was an audacious claim"
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "young" in the given sentence is:2) (used of living
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "believed" from the given options is:5) Be confident about somethingIn this
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "right" in the given sentence is:3) Free from error;
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set out" in the given context is:2) Take the first step or steps in
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "repeat" in the given sentence is:3) Make or do or perform again
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "experiment" in the given sentence is:1) The act of conducting a controlled test
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic structural and
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:3) Very unusual; different in
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable definition for "cancers" in this context is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teams" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given sentence is:6) To give an account or representation of in words
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "dual" in the given sentence is:2) Consisting of or
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the given sentence is:10) The disadvantage that results from losing something
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "childhood" in the given sentence is:1) The state of
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable definition for "called" in the sentence "His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in this context is:1) Direct one's interest or attention towards; go
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "attention" in the given sentence is:2) The faculty or power of
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable definition for "biggest" in the given sentence is:3) Above average in size or number or quantity
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable definition of "killer" in this context is:2) Someone who causes the death of a person or animal
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "U.S." in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believed" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take to be
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arise" in this context is:2) Originate or come into beingThis
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "develop" among the given options is:19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable definition for "stages" in the given sentence is:5) Any distinct time period in a sequence of
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or instances
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "preceded" in the given sentence is:1) Come beforeThis definition
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:8) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable definition for "polyps" is:3) A small vascular growth on the surface of a mucous membrane
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a caseThis definition
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "become" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo a change or development
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stages" in the given sentence is:8) A specific identifiable
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progressing" in this context is:3) Move forward, also in the metaphorical
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "less" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of littleThis
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "severe" that identifies the meaning of "severe" in the given context is:
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "deadly" in the given sentence is:5) Causing or capable of
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "genetic" in the given context is:4) Of or relating to or
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" among the options is:5) The occurrence of a change for the worse
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occurring" in the given sentence is:1) Happen, occur, or be
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "student" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled in an
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable definition of "began" among the given options is:6) Be the first item or point, constitute
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tedious" in the given sentence is:1) So lacking in
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or instancesThis definition
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "searching" in the given sentence is:2) Try to locate or
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "signs" in the given context is:9) A perceptible indication of something
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The correct answer is:5) The occurrence of a change for the worseIn this context, "damage" refers to
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "began" in the given sentence is:9) Get going or set in motion
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confusing" in this context is:1) Lacking clarity of meaning; causing confusion
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable definition of "variety" in the given sentence is:7) A category of things distinguished by some common
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating to or produced
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable definition of "existing" in this context is:1) Have an existence, be extantThis definition
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The correct answer is: 4) Except that.In this sentence, "only" is used to indicate that there are
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "polyps" is:3) A small vascular growth
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable definition for "cells" among the given options is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "polyps" in the given sentence is:3) A small vascular
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "coherent" in the given sentence is:2) Marked by an orderly
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "picture" in the given sentence is:7) A clear and telling mental imageThis
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "development" in the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer development emerged
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerged" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of cancer
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in this context is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical to
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The correct definition of "certain" in the given sentence is:6) Certain to occur; destined or inevitableThis
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable definition of "knocked out" in the given sentence is:4) Eliminate"Knock out
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "polyps" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A small vascular growth
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress, unfold, or evolve
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable definition of "copies" in this context is:4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first in position
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "then" in the given sentence is:3) In that case or as a
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	The most suitable definition for "deleted" in the given sentence is:1) Cut or eliminateIn the context of the
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	Based on the given context, the most suitable definition of "polyps" is:3) A small vascular growth on the
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable definition of "malignancy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (medicine) a
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "clear" in the given sentence is:11) Readily apparent to
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:3) Suffer or be susceptible to damage
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "develop" in the given sentence is:19) Grow, progress,
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some individual
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "galvanized" in the context of the sentence is:1) To stimulate to actionIn
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The correct answer is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expected.In this sentence,
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "confirming" in the given sentence is:1) Serving to support or corrobor
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law) all the means by which
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "needed" in this context is:2) Have or feel a need forIn this
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the given context is:10) The disadvantage that results from losing something
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "critical" in the given context is:6) Urgently needed; absolutely necessary.In
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "development" in the given sentence is:8) (biology) the process of
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "common" in the given sentence is:1) Having no special distinction or quality
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The correct answer is:11) Express in wordsIn the given sentence, "says" is used to report or express
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "yet" in the given sentence is:3) Used in negative statement to
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nail" in this context is:2) Succeed in obtaining a positionIn
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	The most suitable definition of "identity" in this context is:3) The individual characteristics by which a thing or person is
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	The most suitable definition is:3) Suffer or be susceptible to damageIn the given sentence, "damaged"
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "flipped" in the given context is:3) Turn upside down, or throw so
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The correct answer is:3) The part of the large intestine between the cecum and the rectum; it extracts
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cell" in the given context is:5) (biology) the basic structural
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	The most suitable definition for "full-blown" in this context is:2) Having or displaying all the characteristics necessary for
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "malignancy" in the given sentence is:2) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "down" in the given sentence is:4) Spatially or metaphorically from
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "length" in the given sentence is:4) The linear extent in space
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	The most suitable definition of "looking for" in the given context is:1) Try to locate or discover, or try
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "common" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:7) Common to or shared
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable definition of "bit" in the given sentence is:3) A small piece or quantity of something.This
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the given sentence is:3) The tangible substance that goes into the makeup
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lost" in the given sentence is:9) Fail to keep or
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:12) A share of somethingThis definition fits
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "probably" in the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable definition for "constitute" in the given sentence is:4) Form or composeIn this context
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "last" in the given sentence is:9) Immediately pastThis definition matches the
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dubious" in the given sentence is:1) Open to doubt or suspicionThis
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "search" in the context of the sentence is:1) The activity of looking thoroughly in
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "doubts" in the given sentence is:1) The state of being
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "stemmed" in this context is:3) Grow out of, have roots in, originate
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable definition of "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified information about something
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "several" in the given sentence is:3) (used with count
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" among the given options is:5) A period of time
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "earlier" in the given sentence is:1) At an earlier time
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiments" in the given context is:1) The act of conducting a controlled test
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mice" in the given sentence is:5) Any of numerous
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) Assign a specified (usually proper) proper name
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "transform" in the given context is:6) Change (a bacterial cell)
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "normal" in the given sentence is:3) Conforming with or
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable definition of "cancerous" from the given options is:2) Relating to or affected with cancer
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	The most suitable definition of "ones" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or thingIn this context
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exactly" in the sentence is:1) In a precise manner
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:3) Same in identity
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spot" in the given sentence is:10) A point located with
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable definition of "caused" in the given sentence is:2) Give rise to; cause to happen or
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable definition of "promoting" in the given context is:4) Contribute to the progress or growth of
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in the given context is:1) Try to locate or discover, or
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "suppressed" in the given context is:2) Reduce the incidence or severity
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the context of the sentence is:2) (biology
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable definition for "compared" in this context is:3) Examine and note the similarities or differences of
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "found" in the given context is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "human" in the given sentence is:1) Having human form or
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable definition of "found" in the given context is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "identical" in the given sentence is:3) Exactly alike; incapable
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable definition of "turned out" in the given context is:4) Prove to be in the result or
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable definition of "cancer" is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and uncontrolled cell
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable definition of "observing" in this context is:6) Observe with care or pay close attention to
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in this context is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiledThe sentence
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "form" in the given sentence is:18) A body of students who
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "discovery" in the given sentence is:4) The act of discovering
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable definition of "suddenly" from the given options is:3) Quickly and without warningThe sentence implies
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "puts" in the given sentence is:2) Cause to be in a certain state;
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the given context is:11) Toward or on the right; also
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable definition for "formation" in the given sentence is:3) Natural process that causes something to formThis
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable definition for "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leader" in the given context is:2) A person who rules or guides or inspires
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable definition of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that makes something evidentThis
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present momentThis definition
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emerging" in the given sentence is:4) Become known or
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The correct answer is:1) Connected by participation or association or useThe word "involved" in the sentence means
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The correct answer is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expectedThe sentence is saying
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable definition of "cancers" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "too" in the given sentence is:2) In additionIn this context,
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "breast" in the given sentence is:6) Either of two
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "copy" in the given sentence is:4) A thing made to be similar or
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable definition for "spot" in the given sentence is:10) A point located with respect to surface features of
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "often" in the given sentence is:2) In many cases or instances
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "strikes" in the given sentence is:18) Hit against; come into
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "members" in the given sentence is:4) Anything that belongs to a set
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The correct answer is 1) Definite but not specified or identified.In the given sentence, the word "certain
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "families" in the given sentence is:6) People descended from
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "inherited" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiledThis
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the given sentence is:18) A body of students who are taught together
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The correct definition of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable definition for "implicated" in the context of the sentence is:2) Bring into intimate and incrim
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable definition of "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some individual
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable definition for "last" in this context is:9) Immediately pastThis definition indicates that the report was
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable definition of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive days.The sentence
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "say" in the given sentence is:11) Express in words
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:5) (of quantities) imprecise but
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence is:15) Pick out, select, or choose
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "tissue" in the given sentence is:2) Part of an organism consisting of
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tested" in the given sentence is:4) Determine the presence or properties of (a
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "missing" in the given sentence is:3) Be withoutThis
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "yet" in the given sentence is:3) Used in negative statement to
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "tissue" in the given sentence is:2) Part of an organism consisting of
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:5) Get into one's hands, take physically
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:4) That part of the central
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "At the same time" in the given sentence is:1) At the same instant
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)This
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rushing" in the context of the sentence is:6) Cause
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable definition is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expectedIn this context
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:2) Expect and wishIn the sentence,
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this context is:1) Connected by participation or association or useThe
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable definition of "close" in the given sentence is:4) At or within a short distance in space or
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable definition of "finding" in the given context is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence, or
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable definition of "involved" in this context is:1) Connected by participation or association or useIn
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "types" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" among the given options is:5) Expect, believe, or supposeThis
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "believes" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take to
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "inherit" in the given sentence is:3) Receive by genetic transmission
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The correct answer is 4) A thing made to be similar or identical to another thing.In this context, "copies
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable definition of "reported" is:5) Announce as the result of an investigation or experience or finding
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "involved" in the given sentence is:1) Connected by participation or association or
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The most suitable definition for "other" in the given sentence is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	The correct definition is:2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent.In the sentence, "more"
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "common" in the given sentence is:5) Commonly encountered
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable definition of "cancers" in this context is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal and
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is discoveredThis definition
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "only" in the given sentence is:4) Except thatThe sentence implies that scientists
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "speculate" in the given sentence is:2) Talk over conjecturally,
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "major" in the given sentence is:7) Greater in number or
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable definition for "unit" in the given sentence is:7) An individual or group or structure or other entity
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The correct definition that best describes the meaning of "collaborating" in the given sentence is:1) Work together on
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hunters" in the given sentence is:1) A person who
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the given sentence is:3) Direct at someoneThis definition best fits
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in this context is:2) Something that is discoveredThis definition refers
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" among the given options is:10) Original and of a kind not seen before
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the given sentence is:7. Not of long duration
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "slow" in the given sentence is:2) Reduce the speed of
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reverse" in the given sentence is:3) Reverse the position,
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "growth" in the given sentence is:2) (biology) the process of an
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The correct definition of "based" in the given sentence is:1) Use as a basis for; found onThis
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "produced" in the given sentence is:6) Give rise to
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "administer" in this context is:4) Give or apply (medications)This
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical care
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable definition of "healthy" in the given sentence is:3) Having or indicating good health in body or mind
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "versions" in the given sentence is:6) Something a little different from others of the
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	The most suitable definition of "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) Harmed or injured or spoiledThe
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening or existing.This
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "replace" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:3) Substitute a person or
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "healthy" in the given sentence is:3) Having or indicating good
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "versions" in the given sentence is:6) Something a little different
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "come close" in the given sentence is:1) Nearly do something
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable definition of "says" in this context is:4) State as one's opinion or judgement; declare
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "witnessing" in the given sentence is:2) Perceive
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discovery" in the given context is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable definition is:2) Used to form the superlativeThe word "most" in the sentence "
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or valueThe
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steps" in the given context is:5) Any maneuver made as part of progress toward
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "genesis" in this context is:2) A coming into beingThis definition fits the
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "teach" in the given sentence is:1) Impart skills or knowledge
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" among the given options is:5) Look at, interpret, and say out
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "write" in the given sentence is:2) Communicate or express
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reckon" in the given sentence is:2) Make a mathematical calculation or
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "know" in the given sentence "It's not that we do not know how
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:4) The capacity for rational thought
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:1) Wish or demand the presence ofIn
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable definition of "effective" in the given context is:4) Able to accomplish a purpose; functioning effectively
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" among the given options is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition of "require" in this context is:3) Have need ofIn this sentence, the author
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "relinquish" in the given sentence is:3) Do
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable definition of "metaphysical" in this context is:3) Highly abstract and overly theoreticalThis definition
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beliefs" in the given sentence is:4) Any cognitive content
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "young" in the given sentence is:2) (used of living things especially persons
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "violate" in the given sentence is:2) Fail to agree with; be in
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interests" in the given sentence is:9) A reason for wanting something done.
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beliefs" in the given sentence is:4) Any cognitive content
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `that') to
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dominate" in the given sentence is:2) Be in controlThe
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in this context is:2) Relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) The persons (
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) A person active in party
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable definition of "even" in the given sentence is:6) In spite of; notwithstandingIn this context
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "blasphemous" from the given options is:2) Grossly irreverent toward
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "challenge" in the given sentence is:2) Take exception toIn this
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" is:1) In or at this place; where the speaker or writer is
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "example" among the given options is:5) A representative form or pattern
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "ask" that identifies the meaning in the sentence is:4) Address a question to and
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sample" in the given sentence is:2) A small part of
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The correct answer is:2) Of or relating to the United States of America or its people or language or culture.The
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wish" in the given context is:5) Prefer or wish to
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition is:3) Contribute to the progress or growth ofThe sentence implies that the parents want the
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition is:5) A human offspring (son or daughter) of any ageThe sentence is referring to
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "answer" among the given options is:2) A statement (either
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mean" in the context of "creativity" is:6)
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	Based on the sentence "No one can say", the most suitable dictionary definition for "one" is:1) A single
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "equated" in the given sentence is:1) Consider or describe as similar
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourages" in this context is:3) Contribute to the progress or growth
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "result" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows and is
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "generation" in the given sentence is:5) All the people living
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in this context is:2) (used of living things especially persons) in
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of human beings (
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "incompetence" is:2) Lack of physical
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matched" in the given sentence is:6) Be equal to in
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is:4) Except thatThis definition implies that "
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" among the provided options is:4) Deserving of esteem and respect.This
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opinion" in the given sentence is:6) A message expressing a belief about something
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "whole" in the given sentence is:5) Including all components without exception;
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea inferred or derived
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given context is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable definition of "romantic" in the given context is:2) Not sensible about practical matters; idealistic
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "rebellion" in the given sentence is:1) Organized opposition to
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "disciplined" among the given options is:1) Trained mentally or physically by
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "instruction" among the given options is:4) The activities of educating or instructing; activities
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable definition for "authoritarian" in the given context is:2) Expecting unquestioning obedienceThis definition
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable definition of "repression" in the given context is:3) (psychiatry) the classical defense
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable definition of "frustration" in the given context is:2) The feeling that accompanies an experience of
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "latent" is:1) Potentially existing but not presently evident or realizedThis definition
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "talents" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The most suitable definition of "yet" from the given options is:3) Used in negative statement to describe a situation that
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable definition for "potentialities" is:2) The inherent capacity for coming into beingThis definition captures the
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable definition of "inherent" from the given options is:2) Existing as an essential constituent or characteristic
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "souls" among the given options is:4) The immaterial part of a person
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son or daughter) of
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find" in the context of the sentence "It is not surprising that parents find this romantic
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "romantic" in the given sentence is:4) Expressive of
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by 'that') to
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable definition of "attractive" in the given sentence is:2) Having power to arouse interestThe
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son or
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "get" is:9) Go or come after and
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decent" in the given context is:4) Socially or conventionally correct;
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "demands" in this context is:2) Require as useful, just, or proper
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "commitment" in the given sentence is:3) The trait of sincere and
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "survive" in the given sentence is:2) Continue in existence after (an adversity
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The correct definition that best identifies the meaning of "adolescent" in the given sentence is:4) In the state
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illiteracy" in the given sentence is:2) Ignorance resulting from not
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the United States of
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instructionThis
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "future" in the given sentence is:2) The time yet to comeThis definition
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "determined" in the given sentence is:1) Decide upon or fix definitelyThis
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allow" in the given sentence is:6) Allow the presence of or allow (an
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable definition of "prevail" in this context is:3) Prove superiorIn the given sentence,
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "illusions" in this context is:2) Something many people believe that is false
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "share" in the given sentence is:3) Have in common
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) The persons (or committees
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fight" in the given sentence is:2) Exert oneself continuously, vigorously
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is:5) A fact that logically justifies some premise
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:6) Having few parts; not complex or complicated
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:4) The capacity for rational thought or inference or
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for "Progressive" in the given sentence is:5) Favoring or promoting progressThis definition
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "once" in the given sentence is:2) On one occasionIn this sentence, "
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the given sentence is:14) Assign a specified (usually proper) proper
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "far" in the given sentence is:3) At or to a certain point or degree
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The correct definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much; to a
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The correct answer is:3) Conforming to your own liking or feelings or natureIn this context, "agreeable
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disciplined" in the given sentence is:2) Obeying the rules
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instruction" in the given sentence is:4) The activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nice" in the given sentence is:5) Pleasant or pleasing or
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation is teachingThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the given sentence is:7) Ponder; reflect
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "personality" is:2) The complex of all the attributes--behavioral, temper
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:7) Act of improving by
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:5) To a greater degree or extent; used
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable definition of "nicer" in the given context is:5) Pleasant or pleasing or agreeable in nature
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minimize" in the given context is:2) Cause to seem less serious; play
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tests" in the given sentence is:7) A set of questions or exercises evaluating skill
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The correct answer is:2) In many cases or instancesThe word "often" in the sentence is used to indicate
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	The most suitable definition of "results" in this context is:3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "provides" in the given sentence is:5) Make a possibility or provide opportunity
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" is:1) A person whose occupation is teachingThis
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable definition of "profession" in the given sentence is:3) An occupation requiring special education (especially in the
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the sentence is:10) Go successfully through a test or
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in this context is:6) Education imparted in a series of lessons or
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "philosophy" is:3) The rational investigation of questions about
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "took" in the given sentence is:15) Pick out, select, or choose from
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "courses" in the given sentence is:6) Education imparted in a series
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "college" in the given sentence is:1) An institution of higher education created
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "thinking" in the given sentence is:5) Expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fairly" in the given sentence is:3) To a moderately sufficient extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "described" in the given sentence is:2) To give an
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in the given sentence is:3) Soft food made by boiling oatmeal
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "courses" in the given sentence is:6) Education imparted in a
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "distinct" in the given sentence is:2) not alike; different in nature or quality
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable definition is:2) Relating to the process of educationThe sentence implies that the issue is with the
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "establishment" in the given sentence is:8) A public or
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seriously" in the given sentence is:1) To a severe or serious degree
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable definition of "committed" in the given sentence is:2) Bound or obligated, as under a pledge to
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "teaching" in the given sentence is:4) The activities of educating or instructing;
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "brightest" in the given context is:8) Having the capacity for thought
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "generation" in the given sentence is:5) All the people living at the
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "very" in the given sentence is:1) Precisely so.
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jobs" among the given options is:4) The principal activity in your life that you
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "well" in the sentence "But they need not be to do their jobs
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "remember" in the given sentence is:1) Recall knowledge from memory; have a recollection
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truly" in the given sentence is:1) With sincerity; without pretense
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledgeThis
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "proceeded" in the given sentence is:3) Move ahead; travel onward
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "competent" in the given sentence is:4) Properly or sufficiently qualified
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sense" in the given sentence is:7) The meaning of a
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "teacher" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation is teaching
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "compared" in the sentence is:1) Consider or describe as similar
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "one" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brilliant" in the given sentence is:4) Having or
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) Easy to believe on the basis of available evidence
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable definition of "competent" in the given sentence is:4) Properly or sufficiently qualified or capable or
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "serves" in the given sentence is:7) Contribute or conduce to
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:4) To a suitable or appropriate extent or degree
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this context is:1) A person whose occupation is teachingThis definition accurately
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "factor" in the sentence "Our teachers are not an important factor in
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "crisis" from the given options is:1) A crucial stage or turning point in
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "equity" in the given sentence is:4) The quality of being just or fair
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for "teachers" in this context is:1) A person whose occupation is teachingThis definition accurately
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "think" in the given sentence is:5) Expect, believe, or suppose
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educate" in the given sentence is:1) Give an education
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "better" is:2) Comparative of `well'; in a
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable definition of "got" in the given sentence is:8) Come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The correct definition of "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable definition of "teachers" in this context is:1) A person whose occupation is teachingThis definition fits
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unions" in the given sentence is:10) An organization of employees formed to bargain
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable definition of "mind" in the given sentence is:7) Keep in mindThis definition fits the context
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is:11) Cause to become widely knownThis definition
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "narrow" in the given sentence is:1) Lacking tolerance or flexibility or breadth
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable definition for "purposes" in the given sentence is:3) The quality of being determined to do or
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable definition for "politicians" is:2) A person active in party politicsThis definition accurately captures the
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:7) Find out, learn, or determine with
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "helps" in the given sentence is:8) Give help or
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition of "strike" in the given sentence is:2) Stop work in order to press demandsThis
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "friendly" in the given sentence is:1) Inclined to
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "posture" in this context is:2) (behavioral attributes) the
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) As the agent of or on
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:4) Important in effect or meaning
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shred" in the given sentence is:3) A tiny or
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law) all the
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the given sentence is:3) Very unusual; different in character
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for "things" in the given sentence is:4) Any attribute or quality considered as having its own
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "equal" in the given sentence is:1) Having the same quantity,
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "differentials" in the given sentence is:2) The result
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable definition of "result" in the given sentence is:2) Come about or follow as a consequenceIn
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "differentials" in this context is:1) A quality that differentiates between similar
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) An indication that
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "sure" in the given sentence is:1) Having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty;
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "wish" in the given sentence is:5) Prefer or wish to do something
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "serious" in the given sentence is:4) Concerned with work or important matters
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:1) The gradual process of
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "exactly" in the given sentence is:1) In a precise manner
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the given sentence is:6) Indicating exactness or preciseness
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or value
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:11) A building where young
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scattered" in the given sentence is:1) Occurring or distributed over
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poorest" among the given options is:4) Having little money or few possessions
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar or
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "majority" among the given options is:4) (elections) more than half
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable definition of "schools" among the given options is:12) The body of teachers and administrators at a school
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "efforts" in the given sentence is:2) A series of actions advancing a principle
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to the process
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reform" in the given context is:2) A change for the better as a
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "doomed" in the given context is:3) Marked for certain deathThis
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	The most suitable definition of "really" in the given sentence is:2) In accordance with truth or fact or reality
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) Have or feel a need forThis
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	Based on the sentence provided, the most suitable dictionary definition for "know" is:5) Be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable definition of "assimilate" in this context is:3) Take up mentallyThis definition implies the
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "respect" in the given sentence is:2) A courteous expression (by word
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable definition of "mute" in the given sentence is:2) Expressed without speechIn the sentence,
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The correct answer is:3) To some (great or small) extentThe sentence uses "rather" to indicate a
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "concerned" in the given sentence is:3) Feeling or showing worry or solic
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inclined" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `to')
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable definition of "echo" in this context is:3) To say again or imitateIn this sentence
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conventional" in the given sentence is:4) Following accepted customs
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in this context is:2) Worthless or oversimplified ideasIn
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The correct answer is:2) (used to introduce a logical conclusion) from that fact or reason or as a result
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable definition of "recent" in the given sentence is:1) Of the immediate past or just previous to the
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The correct answer is:3) The head of a state governmentThis definition accurately identifies the meaning of "governors
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in this context is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" in the given context is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "announced" in the given sentence is:3) Announce publicly
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "needs" in the given sentence is:2) Have or feel a need
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action adopted by
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable definition of "children" is:5) A human offspring (son or daughter) of any ageThis
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:7) Act of improving by
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable definition of "governors" in this context is:3) The head of a state governmentThis
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for "seem" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable,
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The correct definition is:2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extentIn the given sentence, "more
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "need" in this context is:2) Anything that is necessary but lackingThis definition
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "extending" in the given sentence is:9) Stretch out over
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	The most suitable definition of "educational" in this context is:2) Relating to the process of educationThis
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable definition for "system" in the given sentence is:3) Instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts designed
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the given sentence is:2) Worth having or seeking or achieving
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:5) A system of projects or services
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "educational" is:2) Relating to the process of
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "program" in the given sentence is:5) A system of projects
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The correct definition is:2) Used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "early" in the given sentence is:1) At or near the
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "exposure" in the given sentence is:11) The act of subjecting someone to an
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "schooling" in the given sentence is:3) The process of being formally educated at a
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	The most suitable definition for "improves" in this context is:1) Get betterThis definition suggests that something
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable definition for "performance" in the given sentence is:7) The act of performing; of doing something successfully
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:3) Preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grade" in the given sentence is:8) A number or letter indicating quality (especially
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given sentence is:5) The quality of being unlike or dissimilar
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "quickly" in the given sentence is:1) With little or no delay
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "washed away" in the context of the sentence is:2) Eliminate
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	The most suitable definition for "sum up" in the given sentence is:1) Give a summary (of)"Sum
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instructionThis
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "education" is:1) The gradual process of acquiring knowledgeThis
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable definition of "reforms" from the given options is:2) A change for the better as a result
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the context of the sentence is:14) Have an effect
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the context of "those education reforms that do work and
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Parental" among the given options is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	Based on the context of the sentence, I would select definition 1) "The act of sharing in the activities of a
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "bad" is:2) Having undesirable or negative qualities
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition; the main
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Parents" is:1) A father or mother; one who be
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "too" in the given sentence is:1) To a degree exceeding normal or
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:2) Has a good chance
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "blame" in the given sentence is:2) Put or pin the
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "schools" in the given sentence is:12) The body of teachers and
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "limitations" in the given sentence is:2) The quality of being limited or
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "involved" in the given sentence is:4) Emotionally involved
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son or
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instructionThis
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:6) Any address at which you dwell more than
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and look
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable definition for "kids" in the given sentence is:3) A human offspring (son or daughter) of
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "play" among the given options is:6) Engage in recreational activities rather than work
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:5) A human offspring (son or daughter)
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	The most suitable definition of "spend" in the given sentence is:2) Pass time in a specific wayThis
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable definition of "time" among the given options is:7) A period of time considered as a resource under
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "scrutinize" in the given context is:1) To look at critically
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "parents" in the given sentence is:1) A father or mother; one
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "option" in the given sentence is:2) One of a number
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "switching" in the given sentence is:3) Reverse (a direction, attitude,
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Community" in the given sentence is:2) A group of people
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) The act
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable definition for "even" in the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea" is:5) To
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "worse" in the given sentence is:1) (compar
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition; the main thing you
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place; where the
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition of "Locally" in the given sentence is:1) By a particular localityThis definition fits
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in this context is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or degree than is
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cities" in the given sentence is:1) A large and densely populated
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "become" in this context is:2) Undergo a change or developmentIn
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable definition of "ambitious" in this context is:2) Having a strong desire for success or achievement.
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "generally" in the given sentence is:3) Usually; as a rule
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corrupt" from the given options is:2) Not straight; dishonest or immoral or
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable definition of "politicians" in this context is:2) A person active in party politicsThis definition
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable definition of "politicians" in this context is:2) A person active in party politicsThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "process" in the given sentence is:14) A way of doing something
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable definition of "trying" in this context is:6) Make an effort or attemptThis definition captures the
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "system" in the given sentence is:3) Instrumentality that combines interrelated
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable definition of "school" in the given sentence is:12) The body of teachers and administrators at a system
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governance" in the given context is:2) The persons (or committees or
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	The most suitable definition for "even" in the given sentence is:6) In spite of; notwithstandingThe sentence implies
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "other" in this context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cities" in the given sentence is:3) People living in a
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "institute" in the given sentence is:1) Set up or lay the
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The correct answer is the first definition:1) The superlative of'much' that can be used with mass nouns
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "expenditures" is:3) Money paid out; an amount spentThis definition
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "education" in the given sentence is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning and
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) The set of facts or circumstances that
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The correct answer is:2) Easy to believe on the basis of available evidenceThe word "probably" in the sentence
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable definition for "make" in the context of the sentence is:5) Organize or be responsible for
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given sentence is:4) Any attribute or quality considered as having its
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worse" in this context is:1) (comparative of `bad')
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "better" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:5) A fact that logically
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the given sentence is:7. Easy and not involved or complicated.This
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Education" among the given options is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "influence" in the given sentence is:2) The effect of
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:2) Wealth reckoned in terms
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Decades" is:1) A period of 10 years
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable definition of "tell" in the given sentence is:3) Let something be knownIn this sentence,
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "even" in the given sentence is:5) To a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "classes" in the given sentence is:10) A body of students
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "academic" is:3) Associated with academia or an academyIn
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "performance" in this context is:6) Power to be effective; the quality of being
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable definition for "pupils" in the given sentence is:2) A learner who is enrolled in an
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition of "desirable" in this context is:2) Worth having or seeking or achievingThis
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:3) Very unusual; different
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reasons" in the given sentence is:2) A justification for something existing
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having just (
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "money" in the given sentence is:1) The most common medium
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flows" in the given sentence is:7) Move or progress freely as if in a
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	The most suitable definition of "piling" in this context is:3) Press tightly together or cramIn the sentence
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	The correct answer is 1) (comparative of `many' used with count nouns) quantifier meaning greater in
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	The most suitable definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `many' used
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) A person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "mystery" in the given sentence is:1) Something that baffles
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified information about something
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	Based on the context, the most suitable definition for "educational" is:2) Relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expenditures" in the given sentence is:3) Money paid
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "real" in the given sentence is:6) Of, relating to
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "increased" in this context is:2) Become bigger or greater in amount
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sharply" in the given context is:3) Very suddenly and to a great
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present time; no
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present moment
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable definition of "spend" in this context is:3) Pay outThis definition means to give or
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable definition of "more" in this context is:2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable definition of "pupil" in this context is:2) A learner who is enrolled in an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" is:2) Relating to the process of education
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "performance" in the given context is:6) Power to be effective
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "declined" in the given context is:6) Go downIn this sentence,
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence "That is the way the system works"
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" among the given options is:3) Associated with academia or an academy.This
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "potential" in the given sentence is:1) The inherent capacity for
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "allows" in the given sentence is:6) Allow the presence of or allow
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "student" in the given sentence is:3) Someone (especially a child
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable definition for "permitted" in the given sentence is:3) Allow the presence of or allow (an
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "graduated" in the given sentence is:2) Receive an academic degree upon
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mastered" among the given options is:1) Be or become completely proficient or skilled
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:8) A relative position or
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "prevailed" in this context is:1) Continue to existThis definition implies that
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing 365 (
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in this context is:8) Plan something for a certain purpose or effect
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "main" in the given sentence is:3) Most important elementThe sentence
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "purpose" in the given sentence is:2) An anticipated outcome that is
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permit" in the given context is:1) Make it possible through a specific action or
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flourish" in this context is:3) Make steady progress; be at the
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable definition for "clearly" in the given sentence is:4) Clear to the mind; with distinct mental
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the given context is:2) Worth having or seeking or achieving.
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable definition is:2) Comparative of littleIn the sentence, "less" is used to indicate a comparative
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	Based on the context of the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "get" is:9) Go or come after
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable definition of "necessary" among the given options is:4) Absolutely essentialThis definition best captures the meaning
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "study" among the given options is:9) Applying the mind to
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable definition for "entering" in the given sentence is:6) Set out on (an enterprise or subject
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "world" in the given sentence is:8) People in general considered as a
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:8) The total output of
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "purpose" from the given options is:3) The quality of being determined to do or
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable definition of "education" among the options provided is:5) Knowledge acquired by learning and instructionThis definition
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable definition of "encourage" in the given sentence is:1) Inspire with confidence; give hope or
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "young" in the given sentence is:2) (used of living
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable definition of "men" in the given sentence is:11. An adult person who is male (as opposed
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "women" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "realize" in the given sentence is:2) Perceive (an idea
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "full" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:4) Complete in extent or
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "academic" in the given sentence is:3) Associated with academia or an academy
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "potential" in the given sentence is:1) The inherent capacity for coming into being
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "actually" in the given sentence is:3) In actual fact
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "believes" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "equal" in the given sentence is:2) Having the requisite qualities or resources to meet
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable definition of "academic" in the given sentence is:3) Associated with academia or an academy.This definition
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) The inherent capacity for coming into beingThis
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The correct answer is: 3) Usually; as a rule.In the sentence, "generally" is used to
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "desirable" in the given sentence is:2) Worth having or seeking
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:1) Avail oneself to
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:3) To some (great or small) extent
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "newer" in the given sentence is:7. Not of long duration; having just
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	The most suitable definition of "ones" in this context is:2) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable definition of "often" among the given options is:3) Frequently or in great quantitiesThis definition align
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable definition of "dubious" in the given sentence is:2) Fraught with uncertainty or doubt.This
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "psychological" in the given context is:1) Of or relating to or
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "rather" in the given sentence is:3) To some (great or small)
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "educational" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of knowledge
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable definition for "reasons" in this context is:1) An explanation of the cause of some phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable definition of "students" in this context is:3) Someone (especially a child) who learns (as
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "so" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `that
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable definition is:3) Examine and note the similarities or differences ofThis definition best captures the meaning of
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable definition for "students" in this context is:3) Someone (especially a child) who learns (as
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "influence" in the given sentence is:2) The effect of one thing
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the United
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "wants" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appreciate" in this context is:2) Be fully aware of;
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in this context is:6) Indicating exactness or preciseness.
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable definition for "situation" in the given context is:2) The general state of things; the combination
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:3) Someone (especially a
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "add" in this context is:4) Make an addition by combining numbersThis
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "subtract" in the given sentence is:2) Take off or away
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "learning" in the given context is:4) Gain knowledge or skillsThis
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "basis" in this context is:3) The fundamental assumptions from which something is
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) Of or
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "read" in the given sentence is:3) Interpret something that is
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable definition is:2) Nonfictional prose forming an independent part of a publicationIn the given sentence,
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "recent" in this context is:1) Of the immediate past or just previous
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable definition of "major" in the given context is:4) The principal field of study of a student at
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The correct answer is:3) (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all butThe
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or valueThis definition
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "schools" in the given sentence is:12) The body of teachers and administrators
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "principals" in the given sentence is:7) The educator
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the given sentence is:2) Above average in size or number or quantity
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "measure" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:5) How much there is
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "authority" in the given sentence is:1) The power or right
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable definition is:2) The body of teachers and administrators at a schoolIn this context, "faculty"
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "matters" in the given sentence is:4) A vaguely specified concern
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	The most suitable definition of "student" in the given sentence is:3) Someone (especially a child) who learns (
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable definition of "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "most" in the given sentence is:3) (of actions or states) slightly short of
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tells" in the given sentence is:3) Let something be knownThis definition
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable definition of "best" in the given context is:1) (superlative of 'good') having
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:12) The body of teachers and administrators at a
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "outside" in the given sentence is:9) Functioning outside the boundaries or
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interference" in the given context is:5) The act of hindering or obstruct
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "governed" in the given context is:2) Direct or strongly
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable definition of "powerful" in the given context is:7) Characterized by or full of force or
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence is:34) A person who rules or guides or inspires others
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "authority" in the given sentence is:1) The power or right
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "goes" in the given sentence is:2) Be present or associated with an
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "unambiguous" in the given context is:1) Admitting of no doubt or
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Schools" in the given sentence is:2) An educational institutionThis definition directly
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence is:15) A way of doing something
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "produce" in the given sentence is:6) Give rise to;
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:3) Someone (especially a
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the given sentence is:7) Greater than normal in degree or intensity or
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morale" in the given sentence is:2) The spirit of a group that makes
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "superior" in the given sentence is:2) Of high or superior quality or performance
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "academic" in the given sentence is:3) Associated with academia or
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the given sentence is:7) The act of performing; of doing something
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable definition for "ruffled" in this context is:3) Trouble or vexIn the sentence, "
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	The most suitable definition for "one" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or thing.The sentence implies
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable definition for "so" in the given sentence is:2) (usually followed by `that') to an
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "publishes" in the given sentence is:1) Prepare and issue
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	Based on the context of the sentence "That's what the man had said," the most suitable definition of "man" is
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bleary" in this context is:1) Indistinct or hazy in outline
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sightThis definition
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "had" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable definition of "ready" in this context is:3) Made suitable and available for immediate useThe sentence
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (either
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "surprise" in the given sentence is:4) The astonishment you
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "fit" in the given sentence is:4) Violent uncontrollable contractions of muscles.
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" among the given options is:12) The generic use of
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drunk" in the given sentence is:3) Given to or
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "crazy" in the given context would be:2) Affected with
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "matched" in the given sentence is:7) Make equal, uniform, corresponding
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingThis
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "drink" in the given context is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinking
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lost" in the given sentence is:9) Fail to keep or to maintain
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "count" in the given sentence is:3) The act of counting
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The correct answer is: 5) The organ of sight.In the given sentence, "eyes" refers to the organs
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "guy" in this context is:2) An informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	Based on the sentence provided, the most suitable definition for "thought" is:4) Have or formulate in the mind
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Eyes" in this context is:5) The organ of sightThis definition is
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bright" in the given sentence is:9) Emitting or reflecting light readily
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the given context is:4) Beyond or deviating from the usual
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:4) High level or degree; the property of
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cold" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (color)
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "fire" in the given sentence is:11) The process of combustion of
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable definition of "burning" in the given sentence is:14) Shine intensely, as if with heat
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for "noticed" in the sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition best captures the meaning
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drunk" in the given sentence is:3) Given to or marked by the consumption
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "wondered" in the given sentence is:5) Place in doubt or express
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger"
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "remembered" in the sentence "But, of course, he remembered
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal to 1/
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for "steady" in the given context is:3) Not subject to change or variation especially in behavior
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "drinking" in the given sentence is:3) The act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "occasion" in the given sentence is:1) A vaguely specified social event
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is not acquainted
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "head" in the given sentence is:34) A person who rules
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "thought" in the given sentence is:5) The content of cognition;
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:11) Get going or set in motionThis
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cross" in the given sentence is:1) Travel across or pass over
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable definition of "street" in this context is:1) The part of a thoroughfare between the sidewalks;
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "light" in the context of the sentence is:1) A lamp
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "roared" in this context is:6) Make a loud noise, as of wind
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "intersection" in the given sentence is:5) A junction where one street
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "brakes" in the given sentence is:3) A restraint used to slow or
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "howled" in the given sentence is:3) Cry loudly, as of animalsIn
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "horn" in the given sentence is:5) A device on an
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blared" in this context is:1) Make a loud noiseIn the sentence
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of the word to
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hit" in the given sentence is:15) Reach a point in time,
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "called out" in this context is:2) Utter aloud; often with surprise,
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:4) An indefinitely short timeThis definition fits the
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "done" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform an actionThis definition
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cared" in the given sentence is:3) Prefer or wish to do something
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for a youth or man
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:3) Gain points in a gameIn this context
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regretted" in the given context is:1) Feel remorse for; feel sorry
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "opened" in the given sentence is:11) Cause to open or to become open.This
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition of "mouth" in the given sentence is:7) The opening through which food is taken in and
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "truck" is:1) A large truck designed to
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stop" in the given sentence is:1) A spot where something
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "angry" in the given sentence is:3) Feeling or showing angerThis definition
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:4) Someone who drives a truck as an occupation
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jumped" in the given context is:2) Move or jump suddenly, as if
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable definition of "cab" in the given sentence is:2) A compartment at the front of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet to advance;
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stranger" in the given context is:1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "arm" is:1) A human limb; technically
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shoulders" in the given sentence is:4) The part of
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable definition of "old" in the given context is:5) (used especially of persons) having lived for
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "friend" in the given sentence is:1) A person you know
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "driver" in the given sentence is:5) The operator of a motor
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable definition of "started" in the given sentence is:10) Set in motion, cause to startThe
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for "curse" in the given sentence is:2) Heap obscenities uponThis definition
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "plot" in the given sentence is:1) A secret scheme to do something
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ruin" in the given sentence is:3) Destroy completely;
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:3) The sum of recognized
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saved" in the given sentence is:5) Save from ruin, destruction, or harm
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:3) Direct at someoneThe sentence implies that the
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:4) Perceive with attention; direct one
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "face" in the given sentence is:10) The front of the human head
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the context of the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "word" in the given sentence is:9) A unit of language that native speakers
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "driver" in the given sentence is:5) The operator of a
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) Come to a halt, stop moving
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The correct answer is:7) Utter obscenities or profanitiesIn the given sentence, "swearing
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	Based on the context of the sentence "Very suddenly, the driver stopped swearing at them, turned on his heel and went back
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "heel" in the given sentence is:4) The bottom of a shoe or boot
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle suitable
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time"
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "thought" in this context is:2) The process of using your mind to consider something
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the sentence "Haney hadn't given it much thought at
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "recalled" in the given sentence is:4) Recall knowledge from memory;
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is:2) Reflect deeply on a subjectIn
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and look
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sightThis definition directly
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the given sentence is:45) Cause to do; cause to act in
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:5) A category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable definition for "look" in the given sentence is:4) Physical appearanceIn the sentence, "look
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bluff" in the given sentence is:4) Pretense that
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition for "saying" in the given sentence is:11) Express in wordsThis definition implies that
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the given sentence is:9) A unit of language that native speakers can
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "light" in the given sentence is:1) A lamp powered by
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence "When the light went their way, they
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The correct answer is: 4) Continue a certain state, condition, or activity.In the given sentence, "went
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition of "street" in the given sentence is:1) The part of a thoroughfare between the sidewalks
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "stranger" is:1) An individual that one
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "found out" in the given sentence is:4) Get to know or
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favorite" in the given sentence is:1) Preferred above all others
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bars" in the given context is:7) Tavern consisting of a building with a bar
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "insisted" in the given sentence is:3) Be emphatic or res
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "offering" in the given sentence is:1) Offer verballyThis definition
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "buy" in the given sentence is:2) Obtain by purchase; acquire by
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable definition of "drinks" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingThis definition
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "went" in the given sentence is:30) Change location; move, travel
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable definition is:1) Shun the company of othersIn the given sentence, "kept to himself"
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "sitting" in the given sentence is:5) Be around, often idly
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:9) A place off to the side of an area
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable definition for "passing" in the given sentence is:7) Allow to go without comment or censure
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable definition of "time" from the given options is:7) A period of time considered as a resource under
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nursing" in the given sentence is:3) Try to
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is:1) Preferred above all others and treated with partial
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the given sentence is:1) Reach, make, or come to
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mind" in the given sentence is:4) Be concerned with or about something
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "company" in the given sentence is:7) A social gathering of
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "free" in the given sentence is:8) Costing nothing
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drinks" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "made" in the sentence is:5) Organize or be responsible for.
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" in the given sentence is:14. Generally admiredThe context of the sentence
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "job" in the given sentence is:4) The principal activity in your
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable definition of "wondered" in the given sentence is:5) Place in doubt or express doubtful speculation
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "having" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "screwball" in the given context is:1) A whimsically eccentric person
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for "take" in the given sentence is:2) Experience or feel or submit to.The sentence
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "offer" in the given sentence is:3) Something offered (as a proposal
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "feel" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo an emotional
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "uneasy" in the given context is:2) Causing or fraught with
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "got" in the given sentence is:10) Be stricken by an illness
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "realized" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware or
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition of "gave" in the given context is:1) Perform for an audience The sentence states
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "waiting" in the given sentence is:4) Stay in one place and anticipate or
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "answer" in the given sentence is:2) A statement (either
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seem" in the given sentence is:4) Give a certain impression or
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The correct definition of "wink" in this context is:4) Signal by winkingIn this sentence, it
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:8) Continue a certain state, condition, or
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "stare" in this context is:1) Fixate one's eyes
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weak" in the context of the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh" is:
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable definition for "laugh" in the given sentence is:4) The activity of laughing; the manifestation of
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "think" in the given sentence is:4) Choose in one's
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Thanks" among the given options is:1) An acknowledgment of appreciation
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faint" in the given sentence is:5) Deficient in magnitude; barely percept
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The correct definition of "crease" in this context is:4) A slight depression in the smoothness of a surface
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable definition for "appeared" in the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows" is:
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "think" in the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously,
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "taking" in the given sentence is:8) Interpret something in a
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "meant" in the sentence "I meant it" is:2
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge" is:7
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:11) Affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle suitable
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "returning" in the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favors" in the given sentence "I believe in returning favors" is:4)
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "do" in the sentence "I 'll do anything for somebody I like" is
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable definition of "like" in the sentence is:4) Be fond ofIn the sentence "I'll
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cost" in the sentence "It won't cost you a cent, Phil"
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "try" among the given options is:6) Make an effort or attemptThis definition
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "rubbed" in the given sentence is:3) Move over something with pressure
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "forehead" in the context of the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead wearily"
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "feel" in the given sentence is:6) Be conscious of a
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woolly" in the context of the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly"
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "guy" in the sentence is:2) An informal term for
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" among the given options is:6) Make by shaping or bringing together constituents
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exit" in the given sentence is:1) An opening that permits
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "expect" in the given sentence is:6) Regard something as probable or
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable definition of "come" among the given options is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody or
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conceded" in the given sentence is:5) Acknowledge defeatIn this
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable definition of "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	Based on the sentence, the most suitable definition of "keeps" is:1) RaiseThis is because in the
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "riding" in the given sentence is:9) Copulate withIn this
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "like" in the given sentence is:2) Prefer or wish to do something
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable definition for "listen" in the given sentence is:1) Listen and pay attentionThe sentence states "
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable definition for "radio" in the given sentence is:3) A communication system based on broadcasting electromagnetic waves.
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sing" in the given sentence is:4) To make melodious
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "bath" in the given sentence is:5) You soak and wash
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "says" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's opinion or
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "neighbors" in this context is:1) A person who lives (or is
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complain" in the context of the sentence is:2) Express complaints, discontent,
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "believe" in the sentence "He says the neighbors complain, but I don't
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "tell" in the given sentence is:7) Express in wordsIn this context
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothers" in the given sentence is:3) Cause annoyance in; disturb, especially
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the context of the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nodded" is
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "closed" in the context of the sentence "The man closed his eyes
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "nodded" in the context of the sentence "The man closed his eyes and
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "looked" in the given sentence is:4) Perceive with attention; direct
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:4) Give a certain impression or have a
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Fine" in the given sentence is:2) An expression of agreement
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Give" among the options is:6) Deliver in exchange or recompenseThis
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "address" in the given sentence is:7) The place where a
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "take" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is:1) Receive or
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" among the options is:8) The continuum of experience in
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:2) Hunt or look for
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:3) Consider in detail and subject to
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "habits" in the given sentence is:2) (psychology) an
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable definition for "movements" in the given sentence would be:10) The act of changing location from one
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the sentence "You see, I always make it look like an accident"
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable definition of "make" in the context of the sentence "You see, I always make it look like an
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suicide" in this context is:3) The act of killing yourselfThis definition
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable definition for "looks" in the given sentence is:11) Give a certain impression or have a certain outward
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable definition for "trouble" in the given context is:1) A source of difficultyThe sentence "
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flew" in the given sentence is:11) Travel through the
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:1
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "said" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:3) A particular point in
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	Based on the context of the sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney could make his break, the stranger stood up and
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "stranger" in the given context is:1) An individual that one is not
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stood up" in the given sentence is:6) Rise to one
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the given sentence is:1) Express or signify by nodding
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "farewell" in the given sentence is:2) An acknowledgment or expression
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable definition for "watched" in the given sentence is:1) Follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable definition of "small" in the given sentence is:5) Not large but sufficient in size or amount
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in the given sentence is:3) Lean and sinewyThis
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slip" in the given sentence is:3) Pass on stealthily.This definition
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "door" in the given sentence is:6) Anything providing a means of access
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence is:2) Undergo an emotional sensation or be
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "seemed" in the given sentence is:4) Give a certain impression
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "notice" in the given sentence is:5) Observe with care or pay
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The correct answer is:2) The act of departingIn this context, "departure" refers to the act of leaving
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "decided" in the given sentence is:1) Reach, make, or come
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable definition for "stay" in the sentence is:1) Continue in a place, position, or situation
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:8) The continuum of experience
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable definition for "passed" in the given sentence is:2) Disappear graduallyThe sentence describes how the
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable definition of "seemed" in this context is:3) Seem to be true, probable, or
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "strange" in the given sentence is:1) Being definitely out
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable definition for "little" in the given sentence is:5) Small in a way that arouses feelings (
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "man" is:12) The generic use of the
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "other" in the given context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "glass" in the given sentence is:11) A container for holding liquids while
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:4) A piece of furniture
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "returned" in the given sentence is:8) Go or come back to place
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable definition for "putting" in the given sentence is:6) Put into a certain place or abstract location
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "whole" in the given sentence is:5) Including all components without exception
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "incident" in the given sentence is:1) A single distinct event
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "mind" in the given sentence is:2) That which is responsible for
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable definition of "next" in the given sentence is:2) Immediately following in time or order.In this
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "day" in the given sentence is:6) The time after sunrise and before sunset
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hangover" in the given context is:3) Disagreeable aftereffects
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminded" in the given sentence is:2) Put in the mind of someone
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "night" in the given sentence is:5) The time between sunset and midnight
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "hangover" in the given sentence is:3) Disagreeable aftereffects from
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "reminded" in the given sentence is:2) Put in the mind
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "went" in the given sentence is:20) Enter or assume a certain state
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "day" in the given sentence is:6) The time after sunrise and before
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "passed" in the given sentence is:6) Pass byThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable definition for "alive" in the given sentence is:2) Having life or vigor or spiritThis definition
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tenants" in the given context is:2) Any occupant who dw
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An oner
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:15) The condition of living
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ignored" in the given sentence is:3) Give little or no
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable definition for "alive" in the given sentence is:3) Possessing lifeThis definition directly corresponds
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "mailed" in the given sentence is:2) Send via the postal
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable definition for "check" in the given sentence is:5) A written order directing a bank to pay money
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "maintenance" is:1) Court-ordered support paid
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "wished" is:3) Feel or express a
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "stranger" is:1) An individual that one
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "do" in the given sentence is:7) Behave in a certain manner
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Coming" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:6) Any address at which
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:2) The occupation for which you are paidThis
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "see" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lobby" in the given sentence is:2) The people who support
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of human
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable definition for "standing" in the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly"
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talking" in the given sentence is:6) Exchange thoughts; talk withThis
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spine" in the given sentence is:3) The series of vertebrae forming
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crawled" in the sentence is:2) Move slowly;
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "premonition" in this context is:2) A feeling of evil to come
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "asked" in the given sentence is:4) Address a question to and expect
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable definition for "fellow" in the given sentence is:7) A friend who is frequently in the company
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tenants" in this context is:2) Any occupant who dwells in a
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "happened" in the given sentence is:3) Happen
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "died" among the given options is:2) Pass from physical life and lose all
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "afternoon" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:1) The part of
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true, probable
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fallen" among the given options is:4) Descend in free fall under the
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "roof" in the given sentence is:3) A protective covering that
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obscure" in the given sentence is:6) Difficult to findIn
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "witnessed" in this context is:2) Perceive or be contemporaneous
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "fall" in the given sentence is:15) A free and rapid descent by the
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is:3) The striking of one body against another
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	Based on the given context, the most suitable definition of "body" is:18) The body excluding the head and neck
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "smashed" in the given sentence is:6) Collide or
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable definition of "pavement" in the given context is:5) Walk consisting of a paved area for
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable definition for "basement" in the given sentence is:1) The lowermost portion of a structure partly
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "delivery" in the given sentence is:7) The act of delivering or distributing
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "entrance" in the given sentence is:1) Something that provides
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable definition of "noticed" in the given sentence is:5) Observe with care or pay close attention to
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "blood" in the sentence is:5) The fluid (red in
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "drain" in this context is:4) Empty of liquid; drain the liquid
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The correct answer is:3) Either side of the face below the eyes.In this context, "cheeks" refers
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable definition for "muttered" in the given sentence is:2) Make complaining remarks or noises under one
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "terrible" in the given sentence is:2) Exceptionally bad
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "walked" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deliberate" in the given sentence is:3) Unhur
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "slowness" in the given sentence is:1) A rate
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "elevator" in the given sentence is:2) Lifting device consisting of
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poured" in the given sentence is:1) Pour outIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingIn
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the given sentence is:5) The (prehensile) extremity
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flopped" in the given context is:3) Fail utterly; collapseIn this
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chair" in the given sentence is:8) Furniture that is designed for sitting on
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the context of the sentence "After a while he began to feel better about
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable definition for "bothered" in the given sentence is:3) Cause annoyance in; disturb, especially
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ask" in the given sentence is:4) Address a question to and expect
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the given sentence is:2) A sentence of inquiry that asks for a
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "coincidence" in the given sentence is:2) The temporal property of
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "stranger" is:1) An individual that one is not
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable definition for "happy" in the given sentence is:1) Enjoying or showing or marked by joy or
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lousy" in the given context is:1) Very badThe sentence implies that
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence would be:12) The generic use of the
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "family" in the given sentence is:3) Primary social group;
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable definition for "suffered" in the given sentence is:1) Undergo (as of injuries and
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The correct answer is:11) Express in wordsIn this sentence, "said" is used to indicate that the speaker
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "kills" in the given sentence is:1) Cause to die;
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of the word to refer
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The correct answer is: 4) An advantage to the benefit of someone or something.In this context, "favor"
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" among the given options is:4) Have or formulate in the mindThis
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mean" in the given sentence is:2) Mean or intend to express or
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" among the given options is:6) Utter aloudThis definition best captures
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable definition of "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that one is not acquainted with
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "large" in the given sentence is:2) Above average in size or number
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sad" in the given sentence is:1) Experiencing or showing sorrow or unh
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hurt" in the given sentence is:4) Hurt the feelings
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dream" in the given sentence is:4) A series of mental
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable definition for "dream" in the given sentence is:4) A series of mental images and emotions occurring during
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "beginning" among the given options is:4) Have a beginning
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable definition of "overtones" in the given context is:3) (usually plural) an ulterior implicit
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nightmare" in the given sentence is:1) A terrifying or
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "knew" in the sentence "However, Haney knew it was
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dream" in the given sentence is:4) A series of mental
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tight" in the given sentence is:5) Securely or solidly fixed
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "knew" in the sentence is:5) Be cognizant
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar or
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "bar" in the given sentence is:7) Tavern consisting of a building with a
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable definition for "weeks" in this context is:1) Any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition is
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "night" in the given sentence is:1) The time after sunset and
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "had" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "excuse" in this context is:1) A defense of some offensive behavior or some
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drink" in the given context is:5) Consume alcohol
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "usual" in the given sentence is:1) Occurring or encountered or experienced
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "sitting" in the given sentence is:2) Be seatedThis definition
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in this context is:1) Occurring or encountered or experienced or observed frequently
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:9) A place off to the side of an
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the given sentence is:1) (of children and animals) young,
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:4) A piece of furniture with table
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable definition for "talkative" in the given sentence is:2) Unwisely talking too muchThe
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable definition of "friendly" in the given sentence is:1) Inclined to help or support; not
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable definition for "enjoying" in the given sentence is:3) Derive or receive pleasure from;
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ritual" in this context is:2) Any customary observance or practiceThe
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable definition for "washing down" in the given sentence is:1) Eat food accompanied by lots of liquid;
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pet" in the given sentence is:5) A special loved one
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "grievance" is:3) A complaint
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bourbon" in the given sentence is:3) Whiskey distilled from a mash of
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "water" in the given sentence is:2) Binary compound that occurs at room temperature
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "favorite" in the given sentence is:1) Preferred above all others and treated
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable definition of "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) A complaint about a (real
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "forgotten" in the given sentence is:4) Dismiss from
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mentioned" in the given sentence is:3) Make mention of
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "real" in the context of the given sentence is:8) Being or reflecting the essential
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable definition of "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) A complaint about a (real
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in time at which something
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" among the options provided is:10) Reach a destination, either real or abstract
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable definition of "wet" in the given sentence is:5) Covered or soaked with a liquid such as
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable definition for "rings" in the given sentence is:2) A rigid circular band of metal or wood
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bottom" in the given sentence is:6) The lower side of
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:11) A container for holding liquids while drinking.This
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The correct answer is:2) Undergo a change or developmentIn this sentence, the word "became" indicates
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "aware" in this context is:1) (sometimes followed by `of') having or
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "looked" in the given sentence is:4) Perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sightThis definition accurately identifies
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "stranger" is:1) An individual that one
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable definition for "sitting" in the given sentence is:2) Be seatedThis definition accurately conveys
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:4) A piece of furniture with tableware
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "smiling" in this context is:2) Express with a smileThis
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "secret" in the given sentence is:4) Not open or public; kept private or
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The correct definition that identifies the meaning of "name" in the given sentence is:6) A language unit by which a
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "seen" is:8) Observe, check out
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The correct answer is: 2) Be seated.The sentence "He hadn't even noticed -- what was his name?
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "uncanny" is:1) Surpassing the ordinary or
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable definition of "shadow" among the given options is:3) Relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a shadow
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The most suitable definition of "noise" in the given sentence would be:3) Sound of any kind (especially unintellig
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" among the options is:3) Relative darkness caused by light rays being intercepted by
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shrinking" in the given sentence is:4) Become smaller or
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable definition for "trapped" in this context is:4) To hold fast or prevent from movingThis
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:2) A projecting part where two sides or edges
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wiry" in the given context is:3) Lean and sinewyThis
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "little" in the given sentence is:7) Low in stature; not tall
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "man" in the given sentence would be:12) The generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:5) Have a beginning, of a temporal
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wish" in the given sentence is:1) Hope for; have
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shouted" in the given sentence is:3) Utter or declare in
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable definition of "other" in the given sentence is:4) Recently pastIn the context of the sentence
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "evening" in the given sentence is:1) The latter part of the
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "truck" in the given sentence is:3) An automotive vehicle suitable for hauling
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bore down" in this context is:3) To make a rush at or sudden
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "crossing" that fits the context of the sentence is:3) A path (often
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	The most suitable definition of "saddled" in the given context is:2) Load or burden; encumber
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "creep" in the given sentence is:5) Someone unpleasantly
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable definition for "start" in the given sentence is:11) Get going or set in motionThis definition
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable definition for "going" in the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other places
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "other" in the sentence is:1) Not the same one or ones already
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "places" in the given sentence is:1) An item on a list or
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "low" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:9) Used of sounds and
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "voice" in the given sentence is:6) The sound made by the vibration
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of the word to
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "asked" in the given sentence is:4) Address a question to and
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happy" in the given sentence is:1) Enjoying or showing or marked by joy
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:3) How something is done or how it happens
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the given sentence is:10) Reach in timeThe sentence implies that
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "mistake" in the given sentence is:1) A wrong action attributable to bad
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "answering" in the given sentence is:1) React verbally
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "way" in the sentence is:15) A way of doing something, especially
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "realized" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "skepticism" in the given sentence is:1) Doubt
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "showed" in the given sentence is:7) Make visible or noticeable
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The correct answer is:10) The front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear.This
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "voice" in the given sentence is:7) The distinctive quality or pitch or
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "became" in the sentence is:2) Undergo a change or
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sad" in the given sentence is:1) Experiencing or
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "moody" from the given options is:3) Subject to sharply varying moods
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "encourage" is:3) Contribute to the
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "company" in the sentence is:9) A band of people associated
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "felt" in the sentence is:3) Have a feeling or perception about
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "buy" is:2) Obtain by purchase; acquire by means
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingIn
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:2) Stop (someone or something) from doing
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in this context is:2) Capable of happening or existingIn the
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) A source of
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) A source of difficulty
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for a youth or
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	The most suitable definition of "drink" in the given sentence is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The correct answer is: 4) Cause to lose one's composure.In the sentence, "upset" is
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appreciation" in the given sentence is:2) An expression of gratitude
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "break" in this context would be:3) Break down, literally or metaphorically
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncomfortable" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence, Han
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "silence" in the given sentence is:2) The state of being silent (as
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "began" in the given sentence is:8) Set in motion
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable definition of "talk" in the given sentence is:6) Exchange thoughts; talk withThis definition captures
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable definition of "drinks" in the given context is:4) Any liquid suitable for drinkingIn this
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "complaining" in the given sentence is:2) Express complaints
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the given context is:1) The subject matter of a conversation or discussion
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in this context is:3) A particular point in timeIn this sentence,
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the given context is:8) A sense of concern with and curiosity about
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable definition for "showed" in this context is:7) Make visible or noticeableThe sentence states that
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alert" in the given context is:3) Quick and energeticThis definition captures the
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "face" in the given sentence is:6) The feelings expressed on a
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable definition of "bright" in the given context is:5) Clear and sharp and ringingThis definition best
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The correct answer is: 5) The organ of sight.The sentence describes the "suddenly bright eyes" of the
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "paused" in the given sentence is:2) Interrupt temporarily an activity before continuing
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moisten" in the given sentence is:1) Make moistThis definition best fits
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable definition of "throat" in the given sentence is:1) The passage to the stomach and lungs; in
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stranger" in the given sentence is:1) An individual that
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable definition for "broke in" in the given sentence is:4) Break into a conversationIn this
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pay" in the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable definition of "bills" in the given sentence is:9) An itemized statement of money owed for
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:1) Not the same one
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence would be:6) A male person who plays a significant
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "say" in the given sentence is:4) State as one's
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "divorce" in the given sentence is:2) Get a divorce
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bitch" in the given sentence is:3) Female of any
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "love" in the given sentence is:1) Have a great affection
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence "Then she'd get half of everything I have
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "half" in the sentence is:1) One of two equal parts of
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:6) Have ownership or possession of.In this
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the sentence "Community property deal -- you know" is:3) An
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable definition for "business" in the given sentence is:2) A commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "share" in the given sentence is:5) Assets belonging to or
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nodded" in the context of the sentence "Pete nodded understanding
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in this context is:15) Perceive by sight or have the power to
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "understand" in the given sentence is:4) Know and comprehend the nature
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:5) The way something is
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable definition for "came" in the sentence "I came out here to retire" is:9) Come to
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retire" among the given options is:10) Go into retirement; stop performing one
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform an actionThis
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "free" in the given sentence is:8) Costing nothingThis definition
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable definition of "job" in the given context is:4) The principal activity in your life that you do
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "told" in the sentence is:8) Narrate or give
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "felt" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo an emotional
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "twinge" in the given sentence is:2) A sudden sharp feelingThis definition
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "annoyance" in the given sentence is:5) The psychological state of being irritated
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the given sentence is:5) Perceive (sound) via the auditory
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "familiar" in the given sentence is:3) Well known or easily recognized
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wild" in the given sentence is:10) In a state of
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thought" in the given sentence is:5) The content of cognition
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable definition for "clouded" in the given sentence is:4) Mentally disorderedThis definition fits
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brain" in the given sentence is:2) That which is responsible
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Suppose" is:2) Expect, believe, or supposeThis definition captures the
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suppose" in the given sentence is:2) Expect, believe
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "guy" in the given sentence is:2) An informal term for a
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	The most suitable definition for "said" among the given options is:6) Utter aloudIn the given sentence,
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "professional" in the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:3
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "killer" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who causes the
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	Based on the context of the sentence "If he was just a nut," the most suitable definition of "nut" is:
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "harm" in the given sentence is:3) The occurrence of
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "done" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "do" in the sentence "But if he was the real thing,
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "felt" in the given sentence is:3) Have a feeling or
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cunning" in the given sentence is:1) Marked by skill in deception
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "proud" in the given context is:1) Feeling self-respect or pleasure
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "played" in the given sentence is:6) Engage in recreational activities rather than work
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "other" in this context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "man" in the given sentence is:12) The generic use of the word to
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "soft spot" in the given sentence is:3) A sentimental affectionIn this context
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "offense" in the sentence "No offense intended," he said gently
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "intended" in the given sentence is:6) Plan something for a specific
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:11) Express in wordsIn this context,
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "suspect" in the given sentence is:1) Hold in suspicion
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "thing" in the given sentence is:5) An entity that is not named
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thought" in the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a thing
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coincidence" in the given sentence is:2) The temporal
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "know" in the sentence "After all, I didn't know you, Pete"
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "say" among the given options is:11) Express in words
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "managed" in this context is:6) Be in charge of, act on, or
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	Based on the context of the sentence "The stranger was hooked," I would choose definition 1) An individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hooked" in the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:5) The organ of sightThis definition accurately
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable definition for "burned" in the context of "His eyes burned feverishly" is:1) Feel
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "muttered" in the given sentence is:2) Make complaining remarks or noises
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence "Of course it looked like an accident" is:
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as a
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "has" in the sentence is:6) Have ownership or possession ofThis
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "alibi" in the given sentence is:2) (law)
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Let" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil" is:4) Consent
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prove" in the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil" is
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	Based on the given sentence "I think I can manage one more favor for you", the most suitable definition of "think"
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favor" in the given sentence is:4) An advantage to the
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "waited" in the context of the sentence "He waited eagerly" is:4)
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "liquor" in the given sentence is:2) An alcoholic beverage that is distilled
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bottom" in the given sentence is:6) The lower side of
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	Based on the sentence "Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass," the most suitable definition is:11
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable definition of "rout" in this context is:2) An overwhelming defeatThis definition best fits the
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable definition for "backed" in the given sentence is:9) Be behind; approve ofIn this
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or relating
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable definition of "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reminder" among the given options is:1) A message that helps you remember something
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "federal" in the given context is:3) National; especially in reference to
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable definition for "level" in this context is:4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum or series or
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable definition is:2) Involving or characteristic of politics or parties or politicians.This definition captures the meaning
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present time; no
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "election" in this context is:5) A vote to select the winner of a position
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nation" in the given sentence is:4) The people who live
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "choose" in this context is:2) Select as an alternative over anotherIn the
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "party" in the given sentence is:3) An organization to gain political powerThis definition
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidate" in this context is:1) A politician who is running for public office.
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The correct definition that identifies the meaning of "percentage" is:2) A proportion in relation to a whole (which is
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "equals" in the given sentence is:1) Be identical or equivalent to
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:3) Be aware of the
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tend" in the given sentence is:1) Have a tendency or disposition
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "favor" in the given sentence is:3) Promote over anotherIn
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the Republican Party
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the given sentence is:6) People who are believed to belong to
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:3) The person who holds
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "presidential" in this context is:2) Relating to a president or
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:4) The act of selecting
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present time
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "percentage" in this context is:2) A proportion in relation to a whole
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the given context is:7) Greater in number or size or amount
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the given sentence is:3) An organization to gain political powerThis
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "popular" in the given sentence is:2) Representing or appealing to
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vote" in the given sentence is:5) A choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable definition of "president" among the given options is:3) The person who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seats" in the given sentence is:2) The legal right to sit as a
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable definition of "popular" from the given options is:2) Representing or appealing to or adapted for the
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable definition of "vote" among the options is:5) A choice that is made by counting the number of
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "opposite" in the given sentence is:4) Something inverted in sequence or
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accounts for" in the given sentence is:2) Be the reason or explanation for
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the context of the sentence "What accounts for the results of recent decades?"
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the context of "What accounts for the results of recent decades" is:
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The correct definition of "decades" among the options provided is:1) A period of 10 yearsThis definition
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "simple" in the given sentence is:6) Having few parts; not complex
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "partial" in the given sentence is:2) Being or affecting only
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "displayed" in the given sentence is:1) To show, make visible or
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Americans" in the given sentence is:4) A native or inhabitant
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "assumptions" in the given context is:8) The act of assuming or taking for
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "brands" is:6) A name given to
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "political" in the given sentence is:2) Involving or
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "agents" in the given sentence is:2) A representative who acts
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republican" in the given context is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "brand" in the given sentence is:6) A name given to a product
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minimalist" in the given context is:2) Advocating minimal reforms (as in
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:8) In law; the
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "virtues" in this context is:3) Any admirable quality or attributeIn this
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:2) Confined to particular
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable definition for "markets" in this context is:6) The world of commercial activity where goods and services are
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "vices" in the given context is:3) Moral weakness
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	Based on the given sentence, I would select definition 1) Not private; open to or concerning the people as a whole
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	Based on the given context, the most suitable definition of "action" is:4) An act by a government body or
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:3) Characterized by or advocating
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "brand" in the given sentence is:6) A name given to
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open to or concerning
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intervention" in the given context is:5) The act or
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "remedy" in the given context is:2) Provide relief forThis
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "excesses" in the given sentence is:6) Immod
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attendant" in the given sentence is:1) Following or accompanying
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	The most suitable definition for the word "pursuit" in the given sentence is:3) A search for an alternative
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:2) Confined to particular
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable definition of "interest" in this context is:8) A sense of concern with and curiosity about someone or
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given sentence is:3) A person who represents othersThis
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" among the given options is:7) Have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "responsibilities" among the given options is:3) The proper sphere or extent of your
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "voting" in the given sentence is:5) Express one's preference
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "office" in the given sentence is:3) An administrative unit of governmentThis
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dealing" in the given sentence is:4) Direct the course of;
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issues" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable definition for "actions" is:4) An act by a government body or supranational organizationThis
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "casting" among the given options is:10) Select to play, sing,
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:4) The opinion of a
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "legislation" is:1) The act of making or enacting
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "imposes" in this context is:3) Compel to behave in a
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "costs" in the given sentence is:3) Value measured by what
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable definition of "confers" in the given sentence is:3) Give or grant something to someoneThis
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable definition for "benefits" among the given options is:3) Something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "population" in the given sentence is:4) The number of inhabitants
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable definition of "attending" in the context of the sentence is:2) Get down to; pay attention
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given context is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "issues" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "service" among the given options is:6) Work done by one
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "representatives" in the given sentence is:4) A member of the United States
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "belief" in the given sentence is:2) A personal belief or
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "minimalist" in the given sentence is:2) Advocating minimal reforms (as
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:8) In law; the territory
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "willing" in the given sentence is:1) Disposed or inclined
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable definition for "engage" in this context is:8) Carry out or participate in an activity; be involved
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:1) Representing or appealing to
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "members" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The correct definition of "assumptions" in the given sentence is:2) A statement that is assumed to be true
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hold" in the given sentence is:4) Secure and keep for possible future
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition is:6) People who are believed to belong to the same genetic stockIn this context, "
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "face" in the given sentence is:3) Deal with (something unpleasant) head
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:7. Have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "incentive" from the given options is:2) A positive motivational influence.This
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lean" in the context of the sentence is:4) Have a
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable definition of "Democratic" in the given context is:1) Representing or appealing to or adapted for the
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "put" in this context is:6) Put into a certain place or abstract locationIn
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:3) An administrative unit of
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "acquire" in this context is:1) Win something through one's efforts
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable definition of "prevent" in this context is:2) Stop (someone or something) from doing something or
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The correct definition is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expectedIn this context,
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bringing home the bacon" is:1) Supply means of subsistence; earn a living
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "comes" in the given sentence is:2) Be relevant toIn this context
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "races" in the given sentence is:4) A contest of
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable definition of "incentive" in the given sentence is:2) A positive motivational influence.The sentence
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "lean" in the given context is:4) Have a tendency or disposition to
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for "president" in the given sentence is:3) The officer who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limit" in the given sentence is:1) Place limits on (extent or access)
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "particular" in the given sentence is:3) Unique or specific to a person
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in this context is:3) The officer who holds the office of head
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:2) Has a good chance of
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "effective" in the given sentence is:4) Able to accomplish a purpose
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "preventing" in the given sentence is:2) Stop (someone
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	The correct definition is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expectedThe sentence implies that
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable definition of "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "individual" in the context of the sentence is:4) Separate and distinct from
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "standing" in the given sentence is:2) Social or financial or professional status
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enhanced" in the given sentence is:2) Increase"Enhanced" means
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "simple" in the given sentence is:6) Having few parts; not complex or
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "appears" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true,
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "explain" in the given sentence is:3) Make plain and comprehensible
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "several" in the given sentence is:3) (used with count
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given sentence is:4) Any attribute or quality considered as having its
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in this context is:2) Become bigger or greater in amountThis
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "taken" among the given options is:1) Receive or obtain regularly.This definition best fits
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:2) Earlier than the present time
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:5) A vote to select
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given context is:3) The person who
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable definition of "advent" among the given options is:1) Arrival that has been awaited (especially of
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in this context is:1) (government) the system or form by which
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "occupied" in the given context is:3) Inhabit or live in;
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for "role" in the given context is:1) The actions and activities assigned to or required or
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "society" in the given sentence is:1) An extended social
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	The most suitable definition for "confronting" in the given context is:3) Deal with (something unpleasant) head
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "races" in the given sentence is:6) People who are
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "explains" in the given sentence is:2) Serve as a reason
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition of "hold" is:4) Secure and keep for
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "disdain" from the given options is:1) Lack of respect accompanied by a feeling
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "love" in the given sentence is:1) Have a great affection or
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "representatives" in the given context is:4) A member of the United
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "individual" in the given sentence is:4) Separate and distinct from others
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "constituents" in this context is:2) A member of a constituency; a citizen
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "appreciate" in this context is:1) Recognize with gratitude; be grateful
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "specific" in the given context is:2) (sometimes followed by `to
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable definition for "benefits" in this context is:3) Something that aids or promotes well-beingThis
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	The most suitable definition for the word "wins" in the given context is:3) Obtain advantages, such as points,
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "overall" in the given sentence is:1) Including everythingThe sentence
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cost" in the given context is:3) Value measured by what must be
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:3) Very unusual; different
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition of "doing" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform an actionThis
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "suggests" in the given sentence is:5) Imply as a possibility
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or applicable
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "relative" in this context is:2) Estimated by comparison; not absolute or complete
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or applicable to or
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "have" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "office" in the given sentence is:6) A job in an organizationThis
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:4) Anything that belongs to a set or class
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vulnerable" in this context is:3) Susceptible to attackIn this
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "become" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo a
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "immune" in the given sentence is:4) Secure againstIn
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) An unsuccessful ending
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exception" in the given sentence is:2) An instance that does
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trend" in the given sentence is:4) A general direction
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) An unsuccessful ending to
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "freshman" in this context is:1) Any new participant in some activityIn
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable definition of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the Republican PartyThis definition
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "brought" in the given sentence is:9) Go or come after and bring
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "office" in the given sentence is:3) An administrative unit of governmentThis
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "revolution" in the given sentence is:4) A drastic and far
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable definition of "running" among the given options for the sentence "running for re-election" would be:42
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "freshmen" in this context is:2) A first-year undergraduateThis definition is
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placed" in the given sentence is:7) Place somebody in a particular situation or location
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "emphasis" among the given options is:2) Special importance or significanceIn the sentence
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spreading" in the given sentence is:3) Distribute or disperse widely
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable definition of "revolution" in the given sentence is:4) A drastic and far-reaching change in ways of
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" in this context is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course of
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something coming to
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "indicates" in the given sentence is:3) Be a signal for or
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable definition for "attracting" in this context is:2) Be attractive toThis definition means to
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in this context is:1) A politician who is running for public office.
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable definition of "office" in the given sentence is:3) An administrative unit of governmentThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable definition for "Potential" in the given sentence is:2) Existing in possibilityThis definition best fits the
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable definition is:1) A politician who is running for public officeThis definition accurately describes the context of the
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discouraged" in the given sentence is:2) Deprive of courage or
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "running" among the given options is:42) Run, stand, or compete for an office
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prospect" in the given sentence is:2) Belief about
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) An unsuccessful ending
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Democratic" in this context is:2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable definition of "opponent" in the given sentence is:2) A contestant that you are matched against
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to which something extends
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "potential" in this context is:2) Existing in possibilityThe sentence implies that there are
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable definition of "candidates" in this context is:1) A politician who is running for public office.This
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "works" in the given sentence is:14) Have an effect or outcome;
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "hindered" in this context is:2) Put at a disadvantageThis definition fits
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attempts" in this context is:2) Earnest and conscientious activity intended to
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "competitive" in the given context is:3) Involving competition
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "slate" in the given sentence is:4) A list of
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable definition of "candidates" in this context is:1) A politician who is running for public office.This
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "partial" in the sentence is:2) Being or affecting only a part
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "reason" in the given sentence is:1) An explanation of the cause
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable definition is:2) The point or degree to which something extendsThis definition best captures the meaning of "
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable definition of "Democratic" in this context is:2) Belong to or relating to the Democratic Party.
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "held" in the given sentence is:1) Protect against a challenge or attackThis
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable definition of "share" in the given context is:3) The allotment of some amount by dividing something
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "power" in the given sentence is:7) Possession of controlling influenceThis
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable definition of "able" in the given context is:2) (usually followed by `to') having the
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable definition of "translate" among the given options is:9) Change from one form or medium into another
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic of a particular
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the given context is:3) Something that aids or promotes well-being
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable definition for "had" in the given sentence is:1) Achieve a point or goalThis definition
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "strong" in the given sentence is:6) Having or wielding force or authority
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "incentive" in the given sentence is:2) A positive motivational
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keep" in the given sentence is:19) Look after; be the keeper of;
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:3) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "office" in the given sentence is:1) (of a government or
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "suggests" in the given sentence is:5) Imply as a possibilityThis
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable definition of "fared" in the given sentence is:1) Proceed or get alongThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable definition of "races" in the given sentence is:2) Any competitionIn this context, "
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "campaigns" in the given sentence is:3) A race between candidates for elective
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "local" in this context is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rational
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in this context is:6) A deliberative or legislative or administrative or
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expect" in the given sentence is:6) Regard something as
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republicans" in the given context is:2) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "willing" in the given sentence is:1) Disposed or inclined toward
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in this context is:8) Carry out or participate in an activity; be
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "local" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:1) Representing or appealing
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable definition is:2) A person or thing having the same function or characteristics as anotherIn this context,
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "empirical" is:1) Derived from experiment and observation rather than theoryThis definition
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "support" in the context of "empirical support" is:5
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pieces" in the given sentence is:10) An instance of some
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law) all the means
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assumption" in the given sentence is:2) A statement that
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:1) Representing or appealing
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "willing" in this context is:1) Disposed or inclined towardThis definition
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "engage" from the given options is:8) Carry out or participate in an activity;
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable definition of "local" in this context is:2) Relating to or applicable to or concerned with the
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "Republican" in this context is:2) Relating to or belonging
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	The most suitable definition for "colleagues" in the given sentence is:1) An associate that one works with.
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "First" in the given sentence is:4) Before anything elseThis definition
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "find" in the given sentence is:7) Find out, learn,
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:3) Particular to a given
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "staff" in the given sentence is:5) Personnel who assist their superior
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "budgets" in the given sentence is:1) A sum of money allocated
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:3) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable definition for "primary" in this context is:3) Of first rank or importance or value; direct and
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "duty" in the given sentence is:1) Work that you are obliged to perform
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "personal" in the given sentence is:3) Particular to a given individual
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" is:5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying out an assigned task
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "involves" in the given sentence is:3) Engage as
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable definition of "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic of a particular
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable definition of "indicates" in the given sentence is:3) Be a signal for or a symptom of
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "political" is:2) Involving or characteristic of politics or
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "philosophy" in the given sentence is:3) The rational
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leads" in the given sentence is:9) Move ahead (of others) in time
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "Republicans" in this context is:2) A member of the Republican
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable definition of "narrow" in this context is:1) Lacking tolerance or flexibility or breadth of view
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "constituent" in the given sentence is:2) A member of a
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the given sentence is:2) Something that interests you because it
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assumption" in this context is:2) A statement that is assumed to be true
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "valid" in the given sentence is:1) Well grounded in logic
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" is:3) A member of the Democratic PartyThis
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" among the given options is:7) Have or possess, either in a concrete
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of being
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rates" in the given sentence is:2) A magnitude or frequency relative to a time
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given context is:5) A choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Republicans" is:2) A member of the Republican PartyThis
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to which
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:5) A choice that is
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reflect" in the given sentence is:2) Give evidence of a certain behavior
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" among the options is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course of
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "making" in the given sentence is:2) The act that results in something
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given context is:5) A choice that is
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable definition for "devote" in this context is:2) Set aside or apart for a specific purpose or
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable definition of "local" in the given context is:2) Relating to or applicable to or concerned with
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicate" in the given sentence is:4) Point out carefully and clearlyThis
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" among the provided options is:4) The actual state of thingsThis definition
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democratic" in the given sentence is:2) Belong to or
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of being present (
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rate" in the given sentence is:2) A magnitude or frequency relative to
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of being present (at a meeting
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rate" in the given sentence is:2) A magnitude or frequency relative to
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable definition of "shown" in the given sentence is:3) Establish the validity of something, as by an
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:6) A set of data
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given sentence is:3) A member of the
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "proportion" in the given sentence is:3) The quotient obtained when
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "personal" in this context is:2) Concerning or affecting a particular person or
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staffs" in the given sentence is:5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable definition for "offices" in the given sentence is:4) Place of business where professional or clerical
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "local" in the given sentence is:1) Of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "duties" in the given sentence is:1) Work that
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable definition for the word "national" in the given context is:5) Concerned with or applicable to or
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in this context is:2) The act that results in something coming to be
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "activities" in the given sentence is:5) Any specific behaviorThis
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" in this context is:2) Estimated by comparison; not absolute or complete
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "offices" in the given context is:3) An administrative unit of government
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable definition of "examination" is:2) Formal systematic questioningThis definition captures the meaning of "ex
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "changes" in the given sentence is:9) A relational difference between
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:3) Particular to a
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable definition for "decisions" in the given sentence is:3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "control" in the given sentence is:4) The state that exists
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable definition for "body" in the given context is:3) A group of persons associated by some common tie
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable definition of "party" in the given sentence is:3) An organization to gain political powerThis definition
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reveals" in the given context is:1) Make visibleIn this sentence,
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "personal" in the given sentence is:3) Particular to a
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "differences" in the given sentence is:5) The quality of
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noted" in this context is:3) Observe with care or pay close attention
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "table" in the given context is:6) A set of data arranged in
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attributed" in the given sentence is:2) Attribute or credit
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "control" in the given sentence is:4) The state that exists
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Democrats" in the given context is:3) A member of the Democratic
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exercise" in the given sentence is:2) Carry out or practice
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition of "status" in this context is:1) The relative position or standing of things or especially
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "resources" in the given context is:2) A source of aid or
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable definition of "committee" is:2) A special group delegated to consider some matterThis definition accurately describes
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable definition of "staff" among the given options is:5) Personnel who assist their superior in carrying out an
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:12) A share of somethingThis definition best
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given sentence is:3) (law)
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Holding" in the given sentence is:1) Protect against a challenge or attack.
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:3) Very unusual; different
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for "factors" among the given options is:8) Anything that contributes causally to a result
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the given sentence is:3) Unvarying in nature.This definition
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable definition of "incumbency" from the given options is:1) The term during which some position is
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given context is:3) The quality of
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regional" in this context is:1) Related or limited to a particular region.
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:8) Anything that contributes
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable definition is:1) A variation that deviates from the standard or normThe sentence states that "the
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "popular" in this context is:2) Representing or appealing to or adapted for the
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "votes" in the given sentence is:5) A choice that is
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "presidential" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this context is:1) A politician who is running for public office.This
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable definition for "states" in the given sentence is:2) One of the 50 states of the United
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable definition of "conducting" in the given sentence is:4) Take somebody somewhereThis definition best fits
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "election" in the given sentence is:4) The act of selecting
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for the phrase "turns out" in the given sentence is:4) Prove to be
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable definition for "positive" in this context is:2) Reckoned, situated or tending in the
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:4) A relation such that one thing is dependent
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The correct answer is:4) An onerous or difficult concernIn the given sentence, "burden" refers
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by one of the
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "progressive" in the given sentence is:6) (of taxes
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hits" in the given sentence is:11) Affect or afflict
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "higher" in the given sentence is:7) Greater than normal in
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable definition for "states" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Put" in the given sentence is:2) Cause to be in a certain state;
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public office
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable definition for "president" in this context is:3) The person who holds the office of head of
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "looked on" in the given sentence is:2) Look on as or
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "Republican" is:2) Relating to the Republican
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	The most suitable definition of "candidates" in this context is:1) A politician who is running for public office.This
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable definition for "severe" in the given context is:5) Intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appears" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" among the provided options is:5) Get into one's hands, take physically
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:8) A relative position or degree of
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "federal" in this context is:4) Of or relating to the central
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:8) A relative position or degree of value
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable definition of "lines" in the given sentence is:18) A formation of people or things one behind another
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "reverse" in the given sentence is:2) A relation of direct opposition
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "investigation" in this context is:1) The work of inquiring into something thoroughly
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable definition for "reveals" in the given sentence is:1) Make visibleThe sentence states that a
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable definition for "holding" in the given sentence is:9) Contain or hold; have withinThis
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The correct definition is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expectedIn this sentence,
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:9) Any of the
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable definition is:3) Unvarying in natureIn the context of the sentence, "holding other factors
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "difference" in the given sentence is:1) A variation that deviates from
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by one of the constituent
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "major" in the given sentence is:8) Of greater importance or stature
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "party" in the given sentence is:3) An organization to gain political
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vote" in the given sentence is:5) A choice that is made by counting the
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "going" in the given sentence is:3) Give support (to) or make
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable definition for "Republican" in this context is:2) Relating to or belonging to the Republican Party.
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	The most suitable definition for "candidate" in the given sentence is:1) A politician who is running for public office.
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "Republican" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "share" in the given sentence is:4) Any of the equal portions
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:14) The lower legislative house
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "positive" in the given sentence is:2) Reckoned,
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:4) A relation such that
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "federal" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating to the
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "levels" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "part" in the given sentence is:2) One of the portions into which
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "irrational" in the given sentence is:1) Not consistent
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:4) (psychology) the aggregate of the responses
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in the given sentence is:1) To show, make visible or apparent
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rational" in the given sentence is:1) Consistent with or based on or
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "long" in the context of the sentence is:6) Primarily temporal sense
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "night" in the given sentence is:1) The time after sunset and before
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable definition of "devastating" in the given sentence is:1) Cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earthquake" in the given context is:1) Shaking and vibration at the surface
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition for "residents" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who lives at a particular place for
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable definition of "searched" in the given sentence is:3) Search or seekThis definition accurately captures
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "comfort" in the given sentence is:4) Satisfaction or physical well
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable definition of "solace" among the given options is:1) The act of consoling; giving relief
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "screen" in the given sentence is:9) A covering that serves
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "made" in the given sentence is:6) Make by shaping or bringing together constituents
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable definition of "computers" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for performing calculations automaticallyThis
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "link" in the given sentence is:3) Be or become joined or united or
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in this context is:2) A machine for performing calculations automatically.This
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "vivid" in the given context is:4) Evoking lifelike
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "came" is:9) Come to pass; arrive, as
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable definition of "electronic" in the given context is:2) Of or relating to electronics; concerned with
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable definition of "subscribers" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who contracts to receive and pay for
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "live" in the sentence is:4) Inhabit or live in; be
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The correct answer is:3) A period of time equal to 1/24th of a dayIn the given
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable definition for "came" in the given sentence is:6) Move upwardIn the sentence, "it
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teemed" in this context is:2) Be teeming, be abuzz
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable definition of "emotional" in the given sentence is:2) (of persons) excessively affected by emotion
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "electronic" in the given context is:2) Of or relating to electronics; concerned with
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "traffic" in the given sentence is:1) The aggregation of things
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:8) The continuum of experience in which events
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	Based on the given context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "Time" is:13) A reading of a point in
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "subscribers" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who contracts to
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable definition of "use" in the given sentence is:3) Take or consume (regularly or habitually
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "identify" among the options is:4) Recognize as being; establish the identity of
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition of "avenues" in the given sentence is:2) A wide street or thoroughfareThe
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the given sentence is:9) Belonging to some prior time.
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "heart" in the given sentence is:1) The hollow muscular organ
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fallen" in the given sentence is:6) Suffer defeat, failure, or
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "poster" is:3) A sign posted in a public place
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frames" in this context is:14) A framework that supports and protects a picture or
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "glass" in the given sentence is:2) A brittle transparent solid with an irregular
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "open" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:3) Affording unob
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is:1) Preferred above all others and treated with partial
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:4) Stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "game" is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "start" in the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole, waiting for
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "felt" in the given sentence is:5) Perceive by a physical sensation
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "begin" in the given sentence is:9) Get going or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	The most suitable definition of "glanced" in the given sentence is:2) Throw a glance at; take a brief
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "table" in the given sentence is:4) A piece of furniture
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable definition of "next" in this context is:2) Immediately following in time or orderIn this sentence
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the given context is:1) Change one's facial expression by spreading
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable definition of "guilty" in the given context is:2) Showing a sense of guiltIn this
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable definition for "mouthed" in this context is:3) Articulate silently; form words with the
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "words" in the given sentence is:9) A unit of language that native speakers can
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earthquake" in this context is:2) A disturbance that is extremely disruptiveIn
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for "long" in the given sentence is:6) Primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "takes" in the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for the tembl
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pass" in the given sentence is:4) Come to happen or occur.
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:8) The continuum of experience in which
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "got" in the given sentence is:9) Go or come after and bring or take back
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "started" in the given sentence is:5) Begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "shaking" in the given sentence is:9) Move or cause to move
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "child" in the given sentence is:3) An immature childish person
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "toy" in the given sentence is:5) An artifact designed to
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable definition of "block" in the given sentence is:14) A solid piece of something (usually having flat
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition of "tossed" in the given sentence is:4) Move or stir about violentlyThis definition
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "library" in the sentence "I was in the Berkeley Main library when
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the sentence "I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit" would
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for "Endless" in the given sentence is:4) Tiresomely long; seemingly without
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:12) 1/60 of a minute;
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondering" in the given sentence is:5) Place in doubt or express doubtful
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for "windows" in the given sentence is:5) A framework of wood or metal that contains a
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable definition of "buckle" in the given sentence is:3) Bend out of shape, as under pressure
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "shower" in the given sentence is:5) Expend profusely
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "glass" in the given sentence is:2) A brittle transparent solid
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "books" in the sentence is:8) Physical objects consisting of a
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable definition of "fell" in the sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading room" is:1
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paint" in the given sentence is:2) A substance used as a coating to protect
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable definition for "shop" in the given sentence is:3) Small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fire" in the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sent" in the sentence is:4) To cause or order to be taken
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cloud" in the context of the sentence is:4) Any collection of particles (e
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for "black" in the given sentence is:7) Being of the achromatic color of maximum darkness
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smoke" in the given sentence is:7) A cloud of fine particles suspended in
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "air" in the given sentence is:3) The mass of air surrounding
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fine" in the sentence "My younger daughter and I are fine" is:
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shook" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger"
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	The correct answer is:2) With great speed or effort or intensity.In this sentence, "like hell" is used
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger" is
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable definition of "getting" in the context of the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploding" among the given options is:6) Cause to burst with a violent release
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the context of the sentence is:4) Burn with heat, fire
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable definition for "things" in the given sentence is:10) A vaguely specified concernIn this context,
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "peaceful" in the given sentence is:1) Not disturbed by strife or
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lot" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off"
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "car" is:2) A motor
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "alarms" in the given sentence is:3) An automatic signal (usually a sound
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went off" in the sentence "A lot of car alarms went off" is:6
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cats" in the given sentence is:2) Feline mammal usually
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "fine" in the sentence "The cats are fine, although nervous" is
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nervous" in the given sentence is:4) Causing or fraught with or
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable definition of "fire" in the given sentence is:5) A very intense and uncontrolled fire.This
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "fill" is:1) Any material that fills a
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liquefy" is:2) Become liquidThis definition is more concise and directly states
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given sentence is:2) An adult female person (as opposed to
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "able" in the given sentence is:4) Having inherent physical or mental ability
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable definition for "walk" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet to advance; advance by
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:5) A framework of wood or metal that contains
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition of "street" would be:1) The part of a thorough
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for "level" in the given sentence is:6) A flat surface at right angles to a pl
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is living inThis
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable definition for "ground" in the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground" is:12
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable definition of "driving" in this context is:22) Proceed along in a vehicleThis definition best
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "truck" is:3) An automotive vehicle suitable for
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:6) Stop and wait, as if awaiting further instructions
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable definition is:1) The signal to stopIn this context, "red light" refers to the traffic
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "corner" is:5) The intersection of two streetsThis
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the given sentence is:15) Reach a point in time, or a
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the sentence is:2) One of the portions into
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the given sentence is:1) Follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waving" in the given sentence is:2) Move or swing back and
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "head" in the given sentence is:9) The top of somethingThis
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something, especially
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drive" in the given sentence is:22) Proceed along in a
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ft." in the given sentence is:1) A linear unit of length equal to
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pier" in the given sentence is:1) A platform built out from the shore
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dramatic" in the context of the sentence "It flopped all around, real
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable definition of "hairline" in the given sentence is:1) A very thin lineThis definition is
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cracks" in the given sentence is:5) A long narrow depression in a surface
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ruined" in the given context is:3) Destroy completely; damage irreparably
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "damn" in the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing!" is:1) Ex
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "second" is:2) Coming next after the first in position
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the given sentence is:5) Perceive (sound) via the auditory
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable definition for "parts" in the given sentence is:2) One of the portions into which something is regarded
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable definition for "head" in the given sentence is:39) The top of somethingThis definition best fits
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "cracking" in the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "thought" in the given sentence is:4) Have or formulate in the mind
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "die" in the given sentence is:1) Suffer or face the pain
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "decide" in the given sentence is:1) Reach, make, or
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable definition of "come" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody or
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	Based on the sentence, the most suitable definition for "home" is:6) Any address at which you dwell more than
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stilts" in the given sentence is:1) One of two stout
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "decided" in the context of the sentence "I decided to brave the storm"
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smell" in the given sentence is:2) Any property detected by the olfactory
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "gas" is:1) A volatile flammable mixture
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "passed" in the given sentence is:8) Pass over, across
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crossing" in the given sentence is:1) Travel across or pass overThis
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable definition for "see" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and look over
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "clouds" in the given sentence is:1) A visible mass
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:2) An indentation of a shoreline larger than a c
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is:5) A very intense and uncontrolled fire.
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable definition for "felt" in the sentence "I have felt many aftershocks" is:4) Under
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "back" in the given sentence is:3) The posterior part of a human (or
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hands" in the given sentence is:5) The (prehens
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of the sentence "My back is still in knots and my
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "think" in the given sentence is:5) Expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the sentence "I think a few of the aftershocks might just be
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shaking" in the given sentence is:8) Shake or v
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:15) Perceive by sight or have the power
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:2) An indentation of a shoreline larger than a c
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable definition for "hard" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening" is:6
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable definition of "believe" in the given sentence is:1) Accept as true; take to be true
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is happening"
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "building" in the given sentence is:1) A structure that has a
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "corner" in the given sentence is:2) A projecting part where two sides
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damaged" in the given sentence is:3) Suffer or
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "old" in the given sentence is:5) (used especially of
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "lady" is:1) An adult female person (
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "old" in the given sentence is:5) (used especially of persons)
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable definition for "mother" in the given sentence is:6) A woman who has given birth to a child
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Books" in the sentence "Books and software everywhere" is:8
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "typed" is:2) Write by means of a keyboard
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "standing" in the sentence is:3) (of persons) on
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	Based on the context of the sentence "This being typed in a standing position," the most suitable definition for "position" is
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "feel" in the given sentence is:2) Undergo an emotional sensation or
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "thing" in the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition accurately captures
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the given sentence is:4) Beyond or deviating from the usual
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bird" in the sentence is:2) Warm-blooded egg-l
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "behavior" in the given sentence is:4) (psychology) the aggregate
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Duck" is:4) Small wild or domesticated web-foot
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable definition for "swarms" in the context of the sentence "Duck swarms" is:2)
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "felt" in the context of the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the context of the given sentence is:12) 1/60 of
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "numb" in the sentence "I'm just numb" is:3)
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the sentence "Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "town" in the given sentence is:5) The people living in
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "phones" is:2) A hand-held mobile radi
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mess" in the given sentence is:7) A state of confusion
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable definition of "wine" in the given context is:1) Fermented juice (of grapes especially)The
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "floors" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "big" in the given sentence is:3) Above average in size
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in this context is:9) Belonging to some prior timeThis
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quivers" in this context is:2) A shaky motionThis definition matches the
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) A unit of time
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unpredictable" in the given context is:1) Not occurring at expected times
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "intervals" in the given sentence is:2) A time interval during which
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mouse" in the given sentence is:5) Any of numerous small
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "living" in the given sentence is:4) Inhabit or live in;
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the given sentence is:3) Take into one's possessionThis definition
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "refuge" in the given sentence is:2) A shelter from danger or
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "distressed" in the given sentence is:4) Afflicted with or marked by anxious
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "rolled" in the given sentence is:4) Move by turning over or rotating
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable definition for "town" in the given sentence is:5) The people living in a municipality smaller than a
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "things" in the given sentence is:5) An entity that is
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "got" in the given sentence is:9) Go or come after and bring or
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ran" in the given sentence is:4) Move fast by using one's feet,
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable definition of "door" from the given options is:1) A swinging or sliding barrier that will close the
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "spent" in the given sentence is:2) Pass time in a specific way
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "next" in the given sentence is:2) Immediately following in time or orderIn
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in the given sentence is:3) A particular point in time.The context of
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" is:1) Follow with the eyes or
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "brick" is:2) Rectangular block of clay
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable definition for "feet" in the given sentence is:11) The part of the leg of a human
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable definition for "flowers" in the given sentence is:3) A plant cultivated for its blooms or blossoms
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waving" in the given sentence is:2) Move or swing back and
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rhythm" in the given sentence is:4) Recurring at
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "amazing" in the given sentence is:3) Surprising greatly.This
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable definition for "does" in the sentence "Amazing what it does to one's heart rate and one's short
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "one" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or thingThe sentence
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "one" in the given sentence is:1) A single person or thing
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:5) Perceive with attention; direct one
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "calm" in the given sentence is:2) Not agitated; without
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "surreal" in the given context is:2) Characterized by fantastic imagery
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable definition of "low" in the given sentence is:5) Less than normal in degree or intensity or amount
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position in a continuum
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confusion" in the given sentence is:4) A mental state
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the given sentence is:6) Exist over a prolonged period of time
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "night" among the given options is:1) The time after sunset
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "doing" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sound" in the given sentence is:3) The subjective sensation of
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lights" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A lamp powered by electricity
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "friend" in the given sentence is:1) A person you know
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	The most suitable definition of "underground" in this context is:1) Under the level of the groundThis definition
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "computer" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for performing
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "center" in the given sentence is:3) An area that is approximately central within some
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hit" in the given sentence is:14) Cause to experience suddenlyThis
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable definition for "said" in the given sentence is:6) Utter aloudIn this sentence, "
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "computers" in the given sentence is:2) A machine for
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sliding" in the context of the sentence is:3) Move obliquely or
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "floor" in the given sentence is:8) The inside lower horizontal surface (as
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present moment (as
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group of human beings
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "realize" in the given sentence is:5) Be fully aware
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hard" in the given sentence is:6) Not easy; requiring great physical
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:15) The condition of living
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence is:9) Go or come after and bring
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "home" in the given sentence is:6) Any address at which you dwell
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable definition for "let" in the given sentence is:1) Make it possible through a specific action or lack
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Canis (
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:6. Housing that someone is
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "noticed" in the given context is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sounds" in the given sentence is:3) The subjective sensation of
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" among the given options is:34) The striking part of a toolHowever
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "walking" among the given options is:9) Use one's feet to advance; advance
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "roof" in the given sentence is:3) A protective covering that
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable definition of "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition captures the idea
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "car" in the given sentence is:2) A motor vehicle with four wheels
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bouncing" in the given sentence is:5) Move up and down repeatedlyThis
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "realized" among the given options is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "happening" in the sentence is:3) Happen, occur, or
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screamed" in the given sentence is:2) Utter a sudden loud cry
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable definition of "house" in the given context is:15) The audience gathered together in a theatre or cinema
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "doors" in the given sentence is:1) A swinging or sliding
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "feet" in the given sentence is:1) A linear unit of length equal
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	Based on the given context, the most suitable definition for "dogs" is:2) A member of the genus Canis
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "came" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "dog" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the genus Can
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "stood" in the given sentence is:10) Be standing; be upright
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable definition of "watching" in the given sentence is:1) Follow with the eyes or the mind
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "outside" in the given sentence is:7) Located, suited for,
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable definition for "dance" in the given context is:3) Move in a graceful and rhythmical way
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable definition for "realized" in the given sentence is:2) Perceive (an idea or situation)
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable definition of "went" in the given sentence is:30) Change location; move, travel, or proceed
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the given sentence is:10) Be standing; be uprightThis definition
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "waiting" in the given sentence is:4) Stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	The most suitable definition of "praying" in the given sentence is:2) Address a deity, a prophet, a
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "come" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "home" in the given sentence is:4) An environment offering affection and security
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:9) Go or come after and bring or take
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:15) The condition of living
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable definition for "saw" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and look
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pictures" in the given sentence is:7) A clear and telling mental imageThis
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "began" in the given sentence is:11) Take the first
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "cry" in the given sentence is:4) Shed tears because of sadness, rage,
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "evening" in the given sentence is:2) The early part of
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:9) Dogs; wolves;
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "walking around" in the given sentence is:3) Walk around something
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable definition for "drinking" in the given context is:5) Consume alcoholThis definition fits the
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "sitting down" in the given sentence is:2) Be seated
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meet" in the given sentence is:3) Get together socially or for a specific purpose
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "new" in the given sentence is:7. Not of long duration; having
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	The correct definition is:1) Someone who pays for goods or servicesIn this context, "clients" refers to the
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable definition for "couple" in the given sentence is:3) A pair who associate with one another
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable definition of "building" in this context is:1) A structure that has a roof and walls and stands
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:11) Get going or set in motionThis
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "shaking" in the given sentence is:8) Shake or v
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flimsy" in the given sentence is:2) Lacking solidity or strength
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "structure" in the given sentence is:5) The manner of construction
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "built" in the sentence is:10) Be engaged in buildingThis
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "supports" in the given sentence is:7) Supporting structure that holds up or provides a
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rocking" in the given sentence is:1) Move back and
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable definition of "stopped" in the given sentence is:12) Cause to stopThis definition fits the context
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "breathing" in the given sentence is:9) Draw air into
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moment" in the given sentence is:6) A particular point in timeIn this
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a moment, and then
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable definition for "coming" in the given sentence is:6) Move toward, travel toward something or somebody or
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "say" in the sentence "Needless to say, it was an interesting first
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable definition for "session" in the given sentence is:1) A meeting devoted to a particular activityThis
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the given sentence is:1) A source of difficultyThis definition
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "family" in the given sentence is:3) Primary social group;
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spent" in the given sentence is:2) Pass time in a
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal to 1
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knowing" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable definition for "started" in the given sentence is:5) Begin or set in motionThis definition captures
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "rolling" is:4) Move by turning over or rotating
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ocean" in the given sentence is:2) A large body of water
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable definition for "waves" in the given sentence would be:4) (physics) a movement up and down
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "ran" in the given sentence is:4) Move fast by using one's
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "house" in the given sentence is:1) A dwelling that serves as living quarters
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable definition for "get" in the context of the sentence is:9) Go or come after and bring or
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "next" in the given sentence is:2) Immediately following in time or order
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	The most suitable definition for "tremor" in the given sentence is:3) Shaking and vibration at the surface
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "threw" in the given sentence is:2) Propel through the airIn this
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "air" in the given sentence is:5) A mixture of gases
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable definition of "bounced" in the given context is:3) Eject from the premisesIn the
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tried" in the given sentence is:6) Make an effort or attempt
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the given sentence is:3) Being satisfactory or in satisfactory conditionIn
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "full" in the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is:3)
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crystal" in the context of the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal"
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Books" in the sentence "Books and tapes all over my room"
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable definition of "tapes" in the given sentence is:1) A recording made on magnetic tapeThis
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	The most suitable definition for "room" in the given sentence is:3) An area within a building enclosed by walls and
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable definition of "thing" in the given sentence is:5) An entity that is not named specificallyThe
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable definition for "house" in the given sentence is:6) Housing that someone is living inThe sentence
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "structure" in the given sentence is:5) The manner of construction of something
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "fine" in the given sentence is:3) Being satisfactory or in satisfactory condition
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable definition for "standing" in the given sentence is:10) Be standing; be uprightThis definition accurately
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "waiting" in the given sentence is:4) Stay in one place and anticipate
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "tremor" in the given context is:3) Shaking and vibration at
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "noticed" in the given sentence is:4) Notice or perceiveThis definition captures the
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerging" in the given sentence is:2) Come up to the surface of or
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "ground" in the given sentence is:2) The loose soft material that makes up
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amazing" in the given sentence is:2) Inspiring awe or admiration or wonder
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "second" in the given sentence is:12) 1/60 of a
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "change" in the given sentence is:2) Become different in some
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:15) The condition of living or
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "guess" in the given sentence is:2) Expect, believe, or suppose
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "living" in the given sentence is:5) Continue to live through
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given sentence is:4) Stay in one place and anticipate or expect
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "hard" in the given sentence is:6) Not easy; requiring great physical
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accept" in the sentence is:9) React favorably to; consider right and proper
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the given sentence is:10) Develop a habit; apply oneself to a
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:12) 1/60 of a minute; the
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "wonder" in the given sentence is:4) Be amazed at
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:4) Having inherent physical or mental ability or capacity
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relax" in the context of the sentence "I wonder when we 'll be able
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Flesh" in the context of the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the context of "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "flight" in this context is:6) The act of escaping physicallyIn this sentence
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "fight" in the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nausea" in the given sentence would be:2) The state that precedes
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "seems" in the given sentence is:3) Seem to be true
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable definition of "commonplace" from the given options is:2) Completely ordinary and unremarkableThis
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable definition of "symptom" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (medicine) any sensation
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "quiet" in the sentence "Berkeley very quiet right now" is:5
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "walked" in the given sentence is:9) Use one's feet to advance;
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "minutes" in the given sentence is:3) A particular point in
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "morning" in the given sentence is:3) The first light of day
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable definition of "Next" in the given sentence is:2) Immediately following in time or order.The sentence
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable definition for "bundled" in this context is:3) Sleep fully clothed in the same bed
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The correct definition of "blue" in the given sentence is:4) Of the color intermediate between green and violet; having
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sat up" in this context is:2) Change to an upright sitting positionThis
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in this context is:6) Utter aloudIn this sentence, "
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "woman" is:2) An adult female person (
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	Based on the context, the most suitable definition of "smiled" is:1) Change one's facial expression by spreading
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable definition of "said" in the given context is:6) Utter aloudIn this sentence, the
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "great" in the given context is:6) Remarkable or out of the ordinary in
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "alive" in the given sentence is:2) Having life or vigor or spirit
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "agreed" in the sentence "I agreed" is:3)
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to reduce
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable definition of "plan" that identifies its meaning in the context of the given sentence is:1) A series
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "emissions" in the given sentence is:1) A substance that is emitted
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "climate" in the given context is:2) The weather in some location averaged
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "focus" in the given sentence is:4) The concentration of attention or
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable definition of "document" in the given context is:3) Writing that provides information (especially information of an
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition of "reductions" from the given options is:7. The act of decreasing or reducing
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "years" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An onerous or difficult
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for "term" in the given sentence is:7. A limited period of timeThis definition fits
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "text" in the given sentence is:2) The main body of a written
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "basis" in the given sentence is:3) The fundamental assumptions from
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	Based on the context of the sentence, I would select definition 2) Something immaterial that stands in the way and must
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "path" in this context is:2) A course of conductIn this sentence, the
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "advance" in this context is:5) A change for the better; progress in development
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable definition is:1) A discussion intended to produce an agreementThe sentence states that the negotiation is "running
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "leaders" in the given sentence is:2) A person who rules
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable definition of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable definition of "text" in this context is:2) The main body of a written work (as distinct
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "money" in this context is:1) The most common medium of exchange
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:6) The people who live
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	Based on the context, the most suitable definition is:1) A single person or thingIn the sentence, "ones
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "term" in the given sentence is:6) (usually plural) a statement of
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "range" in the given sentence is:3) A variety of different
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "options" in the given sentence is:2) One of a number of
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in this context is:2) A sentence of inquiry that asks for a reply
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition is:2) The largest possible quantityIn this context, "upper limit" refers to the maximum
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "temperature" in the given sentence is:3) The degree of hotness
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rise" in the given sentence is:8) The act of changing
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:3) Any collection in its entiretyIn this
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "flexibility" in the given sentence is:1) The quality of being
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "process" from the given options is:14) A way of doing something, especially a
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:4) The capital of the United States in the District
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "representative" in the given sentence is:3) A person who
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable definition of "document" in this context is:3) Writing that provides information (especially information of an official
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "negotiation" in the given context is:1) A discussion
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "text" in the given sentence is:2) The main body of
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in this context is:2) The weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable definition is:2) A worker who holds or is invested with an officeThis definition accurately describes the meaning
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "picture" in the given sentence is:7) A clear and telling mental
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "outlines" in the given sentence is:3) A sketchy
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "emissions" in the given context is:5) The release of electrons
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "levels" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "period" in the given context is:9) A limited period of time
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:2) A politically organized body of
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "emissions" in the given sentence is:5) The release of
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "countries" in this context is:6) The people who live in a nation or country.
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "impact" in this context is:4) Influencing stronglyIn this sentence,
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "flood" in the given sentence is:7) The rising of
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "drought" in the given sentence is:1) A shortage of
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in this context is:5) A category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The correct answer is:2) The weather in some location averaged over some long period of time.The word "climate"
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "envoy" is:3) Someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable definition for "cuts" in the given sentence is:19) The act of reducing the amount or number
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The correct answer is: 1) A substance that is emitted or released.In the given sentence, "emissions"
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "ones" is:1) A single person or thing
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "move" in the given sentence is:5) A change of position that does
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in this context is:3) A communist nation that covers a vast territory in
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bush administration" in this context is:2) The executive under President George W. Bush
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable definition of "officials" in this context is:2) A worker who holds or is invested with an
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "years" in this context is:5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable definition for "United States" in this context is:1) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "deal" in the given context is:3) An agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable definition of "text" in this context is:2) The main body of a written work (as distinct
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable definition of "cuts" in the given sentence is:19) The act of reducing the amount or number
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "observers" in the given sentence is:3) An expert who
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comments" in this context is:2) A statement that expresses a personal opinion or belief
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable definition of "hour" in this context is:3) A period of time equal to 1/24
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "America" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "climate" in this context is:2) The weather in some location averaged
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The correct answer is:1) Any period of seven consecutive daysThe sentence states that the comments were made "earlier
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "United States" is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "world" among the given options is:8) People in general considered as a whole
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "battle" in the given sentence is:1) The act of fighting; any contest
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "economies" in the given sentence is:2) The system of
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "China" is:3) A communist nation that covers a
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	Based on the given context, the most suitable dictionary definition of "United States" is:2) The executive and legislative and
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "obligations" in the given context is:6) The state
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "nations" in the given sentence is:4) The people who live
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "world" in this context is:8) People in general considered as a wholeThis
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:6) The people who live in
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition is:2) Some duty that is essential and urgentThe word "imperative" in the
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "costs" in this context is:3) Value measured by what
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:6) The people who live
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "actions" in the given sentence is:4) An act by a government body or
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is:3) Your occupation or line of workThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Central America" in the given sentence is:1) The isthmus
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:6) The people who live in a nation or country
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful consequence
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in this context is:1) Someone who takes part in an activityThis
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:5) An organization that is a member of another
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "draft" in the given sentence is:14) Any of the various versions in the development of
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "proposal" in this context is:1) Something proposed (such as a plan
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The correct answer is:3) The first light of dayThis definition of "morning" refers to the time period
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "climate" in this context is:2) The weather in some location averaged over some
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable definition is:2) The activity or business of negotiating an agreement; coming to termsThis definition accurately captures
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) As the agent
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:2) The act of pressing;
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "process" in the given context is:14) A way of doing something, especially
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:4) An act by a
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "urgency" in this context is:3) Pressing importance requiring speedy actionThis
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified information about something
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "issues" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "deal" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually arrived
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable definition of "officials" in the given sentence is:2) A worker who holds or is invested with
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable definition of "minister" in this context is:2) A person appointed to a high office in the
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "planes" in the given sentence is:3) An aircraft that has a
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "halls" among the given options is:3) A large entrance
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "meetings" in the given sentence is:4) A meeting for execution of a group's
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to demand
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "gathering" in the given sentence is:5) A group of
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in this context is:3) (plural) any group of human beings (
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "day" in the given sentence is:6) The time after sunrise and before
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shows" in the given sentence is:3) The act of publicly exhibiting or entertaining
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "draft" in the given sentence is:14) Any of the various
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition for "proposals" in this context is:1) Something proposed (such as a plan or
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paper" in the given sentence is:6) A medium for written communicationThis definition
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable definition of "challenge" in the given context is:1) A demanding or stimulating situationThis definition fits
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "intensity" in the given sentence is:4) High level or degree;
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ministers" in the given sentence is:2) A person appointed
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "policy" in the given sentence is:3) A plan of action adopted by an
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence "The heavyweights are coming" would be:2) A very large person;
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	Based on the sentence "Baskonia gives away a victory in Israel", the most suitable dictionary definition of "Israel" would
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)This definition
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable definition for "losses" in the context of the sentence is:10) The disadvantage that results from losing
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "performance" in the given sentence is:7) The act of performing
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "points" in the given sentence is:27) The object of an
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "top" in the sentence is:4) The highest level or degree
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "group" in the given sentence is:5) A group of people
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "absences" in the context of the given sentence is:3) The time interval during
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) The act of sharing in the activities
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in time at which something
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "sidelines" in the given sentence is:3) A line that marks the side boundary of
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lot" in the given sentence is:4) Your overall circumstances or
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "triumph" in this context is:2) A successful ending of a struggle or
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "favor" in the given sentence is:4) An advantage to the
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "baskets" in this context is:3) The quantity contained in a basketIn this
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perimeter" in this context is:2) The size of something as given by the
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "speculation" in the given sentence is:1) A hypothesis that has been
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable definition of "scorers" in the given context is:3) A player who makes a score in
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "end" in the sentence "English and Teletovic were the main scor
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "quarter" in this context is:16) One of four periods into which the
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)This
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:11) Activity directed toward making or doing something
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whistles" in this context is:1) The act of signalling (e.g.,
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "return" in the given sentence is:8) A coming to or returning homeThis
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:9) Where you live at a particular time
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lead" in the given sentence is:5) (sports) the
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given context is:27) The object of an activityIn this
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "points" in the given sentence is:17) A distinguishing or individuating characteristic
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "night" in this context is:5) The time between sunset and midnight.This
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pressure" in the given sentence is:6) The state of demanding notice or
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned to
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:4) A person who pursues a number of different
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "couple" in the given sentence is:5) A small indefinite numberIn the sentence
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for "plays" in this context is:9) A preset plan of action in team sportsThis
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "help" in this context is:2) Assistance in time of difficultyIn the sentence,
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "lead" in the given sentence is:5) (sports) the score by which
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in time at which
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "quarter" in the given sentence is:15) (football, professional
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:3) A particular point in timeIn the sentence
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "line" in the given context is:20) In games or sports; a
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" among the given options is:8) The continuum of experience in which events pass
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "season" in the given sentence is:6) A period of the
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Wall Street" in the given context is:3) A street in lower Manhattan where the
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollar" in the given sentence is:11) The basic unit
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition of "heading" in the given sentence is:2) A line of text serving to indicate what the
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "market" in the given sentence is:6) The world of commercial activity where goods and services
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "indicators" is:6) A number or ratio (a value on a scale of measurement
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The correct answer is:11) The basic unit of money in the United States.The context of the sentence clearly indicates that
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable definition for "figures" in the given sentence is:11) An amount of money expressed numerically.This
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "predominance" in the given context is:2) The state of being
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition of "market" from the given options is:6) The world of commercial activity where goods and services
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "volumes" in the given sentence is:5) A relative amount
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:4) The actual state of
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in time at which
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" among the given options is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trend" in the given sentence is:4) A general direction
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publication" in this context is:3) The communication of something to the public; making
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition of "indicators" in the given context is:6) A number or ratio (a value on
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "market" in the given sentence is:4) The securities markets in the aggregate
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "relation" in the given sentence is:4) (usually plural) mutual dealings or
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "recovery" in the given sentence is:2) Return to an original
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition is:2) An expert who studies financial data (on credit or securities or sales or financial patterns etc
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "month" in the given sentence is:2) One of the twelve
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "row" in the given sentence is:5) A continuous chronological succession
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "confidence" in this context is:3) Freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "month" in the given sentence is:2) One of the twelve
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	The correct answer is:4) An approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worthThe sentence states that the estimate is "
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "index" in the given sentence is:3) A number or ratio (a value on a
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "indices" in this context is:3) A number or ratio (a value
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "rise" in the given sentence is:4) A movement upwardThis definition
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollar" in the given sentence is:11) The basic unit
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "high" in the given sentence is:8) A lofty level or
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:1) An oppressive condition of physical
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "situation" in the given sentence is:2) The general state of things
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:6) A formal declaration that documents a fact
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "ground" is:3) A position to be won
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Treasury" is:3) Negotiable debt obligations of the United States
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bond" in the context of the sentence is:10) A certificate of debt (usually
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "yields" in the given context is:3) Income (at
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evening" in the given context is:3) A later concluding
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bond" in the context of the sentence is:10) A certificate of debt
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable definition for "yields" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Income (at invoice values
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable definition of "evening" in this context is:3) A later concluding time periodIn this sentence
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the context of the sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the given sentence is:4) Something or someone that causes anxiety
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "violence" in the given sentence is:3) A turbulent state
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instability" in the given sentence is:2) The quality or
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:4) The organization that is the
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition for "auctions" in the given sentence is:1) The public sale of something to the highest
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "deals" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (usually
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that covers
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Russia" among the given options is:3) A federation in northeastern
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The correct answer is:2) A dark oil consisting mainly of hydrocarbonsThis definition accurately describes the meaning of "
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "role" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" is:1) A period of 10 years.This definition accurately describes
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "war" in the given sentence is:4) The waging of armed
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable definition for "sanctions" is:5) Formal and explicit approvalIn the given sentence, "san
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for "stakes" in the given sentence is:5) (law) a right or legal share of
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "fields" in the given sentence is:17) A piece of land prepared
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the context of the sentence "Seven American companies had paid to participate in the
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "auction" is:1) The public sale of something to the
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "bid" in the given sentence is:4) A formal proposal to buy at a
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" among the given options is:11) The members of a business organization that owns
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "deals" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:17) A piece of land prepared for playing a game
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representation" in the given sentence is:3) The act of representing; standing in for
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "oil" in the given sentence is:2) A dark oil consisting mainly of hydro
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "giants" in the given sentence is:3) A very large
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) An expert who
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "doors" in the given sentence is:4) The entrance (the space in a wall
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "war" in the given context is:4) The waging of
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in this context is:3) The executive and legislative and judicial branches of
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "companies" in the given context is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition of "editor" in the given sentence is:1) A person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable definition for "news" in the given sentence is:1) Information about recent and important events.The sentence
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable definition of "outlet" in the given sentence is:2) A place of business for retailing goods
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Concerns" among the given options is:4) Something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "security" in the given sentence is:2) Measures taken as a
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "bombings" in the given sentence is:2) An attack by dropping bombs
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable definition for "instability" in the given context is:1) A lack of balance or state of dise
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "U.S." is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "world" in the given sentence is:6) Everything that exists anywhere
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "analysts" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who is
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "U.S." is:1) North American republic containing 50 states
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" among the given options is:4) The actual state of
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:4) The organization that is the
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "energy" in the given sentence is:7) Any source of usable
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "companies" in the context of the sentence is:11) The members
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "deals" in the given sentence is:3) An agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable definition of "ministry" in the given context is:2) A government department under the direction of a
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." is:1) North American republic containing 50 states - 48 con
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "ties" in the given sentence is:6) A social or business relationshipThis
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable definition of "companies" among the given options is:11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between two
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "bid" in this context is:3) Make a serious effort to attain somethingIn this
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between two
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "company" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable definition of "stakes" in the given context is:5) (law) a right or legal share of
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contracts" in the given sentence is:2) A binding agreement between two or
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "fields" in the given sentence is:8) A geographic region (land
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "China" in the given sentence is:3) A communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "power" in the given sentence is:5) Possession of the qualities
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "company" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for "par" in the given sentence is:1) A state of being essentially equal or equivalent;
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "commitments" in this context is:4) An engagement by contract involving financial obligationIn
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The correct answer is:4) A formal proposal to buy at a specified priceIn this context, "bids"
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offers" in the given sentence is:3) Something offered (as a proposal or bid
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "barrel" in the given context is:6) Any of various units of capacity
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fee" in the given sentence is:1) A fixed charge for
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ministry" in the given sentence is:2) A government department
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "output" in the given sentence is:3) The quantity of something
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given sentence is:8) A relative position or degree of value in
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "field" in the given sentence is:8) A geographic region (
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "state" in the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "support" in the context of the sentence "US banks repay state support
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "banks" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which the business
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "state" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by one of the
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "shackles" in the given context is:1) A restraint that confines or restricts
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "support" in the given sentence is:1) The activity of providing for or
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "bank" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which the business of banking trans
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "protection" in the given sentence is:8) Defense against financial failure
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "fund" in this context is:4) A reserve of money set aside for some purpose
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "amount" in the given sentence is:5) A quantity of money
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "reports" in the given sentence is:7) A short account of the news
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	The most suitable definition of "broadcaster" in this context is:1) Someone who broadcasts on radio or television
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "state" in the given sentence is:8) In law; the territory within which power can
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable definition for "support" in the given sentence is:1) The activity of providing for or maintaining by supplying
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "institutions" in the given sentence is:5) An organization founded
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "restrictions" in the given sentence is:2) An act of limiting or restricting (
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "acceptance" for the given sentence is:4) (contract law) words signifying
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "money" would be:1) The most common medium
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "limits" in the given sentence is:1) The greatest amount of something that is possible or
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "manager" in the given sentence is:1) One who supervises or
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	Based on the given context, the most suitable definition of "bonuses" is:2) An additional payment (or other
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable definition of "charges" in the given sentence is:3) The price charged for some article or service
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The correct answer is: 3) A bank loan granted for the use of a business.In this context, "lo
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "rest" is:4) Freedom from activity (work or strain
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "amount" in the given sentence is:2) How much there is or
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sale" in the given sentence is:1) A particular instance of
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Bank" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "height" in the sentence is:5) The vertical dimension of extension
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable definition of "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) An unstable situation of extreme danger or difficulty
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "investment" in the given sentence is:1) The act of investing
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:1) A financial institution that
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The correct answer is: 1) Money in the form of bills or coins.In the given sentence, "cash"
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "liabilities" in the given sentence is:6) An obligation to
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:9) The territory occupied by one of the constituent
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "capital" in the given sentence is:6) Assets available for use
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "increase" in the given sentence is:3) The amount by which
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	The most suitable definition for "circles" in the given context is:6) An unofficial association of people or groups.
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable definition of "support" in the given sentence is:1) The activity of providing for or maintaining by supplying
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Appeal" in the given sentence is:3) Attractiveness that interests or ple
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable definition for "rows" in the given sentence is:1) A line of persons or things ranged one behind
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "testimony" in the given sentence is:2) An assertion offering firsthand authentication of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "In the end" in the given sentence is:1) As the end result of a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "defense" in the given sentence is:2) A defendant's answer or plea
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable definition of "messages" in this context is:2) A communication (usually brief) that is written or
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "trial" among the given options is:6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rape" in the given sentence is:3) The crime of forcing
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "children" in the given sentence is:2) A young person of
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable definition of "beds" in the given sentence is:3) A piece of furniture that provides a place
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "house" in the given sentence is:13) A building in which something is
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "members" in the given sentence is:1) One of the persons
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "family" in the given context is:3) Primary social group;
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable definition of "end" in the given sentence is:10) The point in time at which something ends.
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized to decide questions
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable definition for "imposition" in this context is:2) The act of imposing something (as a tax
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "jury" in this context is:2) A body of citizens sworn to give a true
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is presided over by a
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "filings" in the given sentence is:2) The entering of a
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable definition of "arguments" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for and
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is presided over
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "trial" is:6) (law) the determination of a person
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable definition of "use" in the context of the sentence is:4) What something is used forThis
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable definition for "circus" in the given sentence is:1) A frenetic disorganized (and often
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The correct answer is:4) A particular environment or surrounding influenceThe sentence states that the intense reporting created a "circ
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable definition for "details" in this context is:3) Extended treatment of particularsThis definition fits the usage
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:2) A body of citizens
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "passions" in this context is:4) A strong feeling or
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claim" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judges" in the given sentence is:2) A public official
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "question" in the given sentence is:5) The subject matter at
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" among the given options is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or action
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "danger" in the given sentence is:4) A source of danger;
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "inclusion" in the given sentence is:2) The relation of comprising somethingThis definition
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "individual" in the given context is:1) A human beingThis definition is more suitable
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for "rights" is:7) An abstract idea of that which is due to a person or governmental
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given context is:5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention;
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable definition is:1) Any period of seven consecutive daysThe sentence is referring to "last week", which
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "evidence" in the given context is:3) (law)
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" in the given sentence is:2) A body of citizens sworn
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "passion" in the given context is:4) A strong feeling or
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "last word" in the given sentence is:2) The final statement
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The most suitable definition of "decades" from the given options is:1) A period of 10 years.The
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as presented by reporters for newspapers
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "cases" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a case
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the given sentence is:5) The subject matter at issueIn this
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination of
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fairness" in the given sentence is:5) Ability to make judgments free from discrimination
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "conviction" in the given context is:2) (criminal law) a final
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The most suitable definition is:2) The largest city in Ohio; located in northeastern Ohio on Lake Erie; a major Great
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "decision" in the given context is:3) A position or opinion or
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "carnival" in the given context is:1) A fren
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "atmosphere" in the given context is:4) A particular environment or
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable definition of "trial" among the given options is:6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) an act
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "inspiration" in the given sentence is:6) Arousal
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) a final judgment of
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) One of two equal parts of a divisible whole
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "century" in this context is:2) A period of 100 years.This
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "argument" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or actionThis
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something, especially a
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "case" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a case
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable definition of "reason" in this context is:2) A justification for something existing or happeningIn this
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concern" in the given sentence is:4) Something or someone that causes anxiety;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "impact" in this context is:4) Influencing stronglyIn this sentence, "impact
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for "trials" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination of a person
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Connecticut" in the given sentence is:3) A New England
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "appeals" in the given sentence is:2) (law) a legal
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judges" in the given sentence is:2) A public official
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable definition of "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition; the main thing you
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "communication" in the given sentence is:2) A communication (usually
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trials" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in dispute and must
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable definition for "execution" in the given sentence is:7) Putting a condemned person to deathThis definition
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "reactions" in the given sentence is:3) A response that reveals a person
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "victims" in this context is:1) An unfortunate person who suffers from some adverse
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "judge" among the given options is:2) A public official authorized to decide questions brought before
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:7) A force that compels
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:3) A position or opinion or judgment
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "jury" is:2) A body of citizens sworn to give a
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "arguments" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are advanced for
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "effect" in the sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows and is
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable definition is:2) The news as presented by reporters for newspapers or radio or televisionIn this context,
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable definition of "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination of a person's
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "interest" in the given sentence is:6) Something that interests you because it
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "challenge" in this context is:2) Questioning a statement and demanding an explanationThis
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable definition of "month" in this context is:2) One of the twelve divisions of the calendar year.
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable definition of "case" among the given options is:24) The quantity contained in a caseThis definition
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable definition of "news" from the given options is:1) Information about recent and important eventsThis definition
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	The most suitable definition is:3) A New England state; one of the original 13 coloniesThis definition accurately identifies
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "election" in this context is:5) A vote to select the winner of
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "campaign" in the given sentence is:3) A race between candidates for
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable definition for "candidates" in this context is:1) A politician who is running for public office.The
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "case" in this context is:24) The quantity contained in a caseThis definition
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "courthouse" in the given sentence is:2) A building that
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the given sentence is:4) The concentration of attention or energy on something
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as presented
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) The questioning of a person (or
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	The most suitable definition for "journalists" in the given sentence is:1) A writer for newspapers and magazinesThis
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "claim" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "news" among the given options is:1) Information about recent and important eventsThis
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reports" in the given sentence is:7) A short account of
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable definition for "view" in the given sentence is:8) A message expressing a belief about something; the
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable definition of "court" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policy" in the given context is:3) A plan of action adopted by an individual
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as presented
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "trials" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "arguments" in the given sentence is:6) A course of reasoning aimed at
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "changes" in the given sentence is:9) A relational difference between
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable definition of "adaptation" in the given sentence is:3) The process of adapting to something (such
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "courts" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is presided over by
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "claim" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to demand
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "filing" in the given sentence is:2) The entering of a
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "Supreme Court" in the given sentence is:2) The highest federal court
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "decision" in the given sentence is:3) A position or opinion or
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable definition of "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law) a final judgment of
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "trial" in the given sentence is:6) (law) the determination of a
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "coverage" in the given sentence is:2) The news as presented by reporters
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a caseThis
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable definition for "century" in the given context is:2) A period of 100 yearsThe
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fraud" among the given options is:1) Intentional
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" among the given options is:3) A rule or body
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "Tricks" is:7) A cunning or deceit
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "will" in the given sentence is:3) The capability of conscious choice
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expulsion" in the given sentence is:3) The act of
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the context of the sentence is:7) A person who participates in or
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ink" in this context is:2) A liquid used for printing
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behavior" in the given context is:3) (behavioral attributes
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable definition of "minutes" in this context is:3) A particular point in timeIn the sentence,
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "end" in the context of the sentence is:10) The point in time
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	The most suitable definition for "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as a resource under
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable definition for "referee" in the given sentence is:3) (sports) the chief official (as
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something, especially a
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "group" in the given sentence is:8) Any number of entities (members
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in this context is:4) A person who pursues a number of different social
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable definition of "game" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to determine a winner.
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "league" in the given sentence is:3) An association of sports
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phase" in the given sentence is:4) Any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "committee" in this context is:2) A special group delegated to consider some matterThis
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "games" in the given context is:10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	The correct definition of "trainer" that best fits the context of the sentence is:4) (sports) someone in charge
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "amounts" in the given sentence is:5) A quantity of
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provocation" in the given sentence is:2) Unfriendly behavior that causes anger or
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in this context is:2) The set of facts or circumstances that
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "practice" in the given sentence is:4) A customary way of operation
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in this context is:8) People in general considered as a whole.In
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "football" in the given sentence is:4) Any of various games
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:1) The actions and activities assigned
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "debate" in the given sentence is:1) A discussion in which reasons
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable definition for "case" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a caseThis definition
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in this context is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)This
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "organization" in the given sentence is:5) The persons (or committees or departments
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "nobility" in the given sentence is:1) The quality of
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	Based on the context, the most suitable definition of "honor" is:3) The quality of being honorable and having
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "players" in the given context is:4) A person who purs
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "acts" in the given sentence is:9) Something that people do
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "history" in the given sentence is:3) All that is remembered of
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "debate" in the given sentence is:1) A discussion in which reasons
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in this context is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thingIn
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "behavior" in the given sentence is:1) Manner of acting
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "principles" in the given sentence is:5) A basic
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable definition for "actions" among the given options is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fraud" in the given context is:2) Something intended to
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable definition of "actions" from the given options is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "regulation" in the given sentence is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct or
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "matter" in the given sentence is:3) That which has mass and occupies space
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damage" in the given sentence is:3) Loss of military equipment
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "spirit" in the given sentence is:5) The vital principle or animating
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantages" in the given sentence is:2) Benefit resulting from
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "spirit" is:2) A fundamental emotional and activating principle determining
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "integrity" in the given sentence is:2) Moral soundnessThe sentence
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "aspect" in the given sentence is:1) A distinct feature or element in a
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "danger" in the given context is:2) The condition of being susceptible to harm or
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "advantages" in this context is:3) The quality of having a superior
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)This
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes advantage" in this context is:2) Make excessive use ofIn this sentence
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "thing" in the given sentence is:1) A separate and self-contained
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as opposed
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:4) A person who pursues a number of
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "rules" in the given sentence is:2) Directions that define the way
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in this context is:3) (sports) the chief official (as
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable definition of "complaints" in the given sentence is:2) An expression of grievance or resentment
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "question" in the given sentence is:2) A sentence of inquiry
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) The quality of having a superior or more
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	Based on the context of the sentence, I would select definition 5: "A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "situation" in the given sentence is:2) The general state of things
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "benefit" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids or
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "result" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable definition for "action" in the given sentence is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to something said
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategy" in the given sentence is:2) An elaborate and systematic plan of action
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable definition of "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) The quality of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion of verified information about something
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phase" in the given sentence is:4) Any distinct time period
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Championship" in the given sentence is:2) A competition at
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "participation" in the given sentence is:1) The act of
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "term" in this context is:7) A limited period of timeThis
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "advantage" is:3) The quality of having
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "degree" in the given sentence is:3) A position on a scale of
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable definition for "team" in this context is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)The sentence
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "change" in the given sentence is:4) An event that occurs
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	Based on the given context, the most suitable definition for "action" is:6) Something done (usually as opposed to
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable definition for "players" is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at some gameThis
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	Based on the context, the most suitable definition for "game" is:10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable definition for "cycle" in the given context is:8) A periodically repeated sequence of eventsThis definition
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "suspension" is:6) Temporary cessation or
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "accumulation" in the given sentence is:3) Several things grouped together
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cycle" in the given sentence is:8) A periodically repeated sequence of
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "rounds" is:9) (often plural)
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "advantage" in the given sentence is:3) The quality of
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:8) Action taken by a group of people.This
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the given sentence is:2) A fundamental emotional and activating principle determining one
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" among the options is:2) One of the portions into
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "decisions" in the given sentence is:7) The cognitive process
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:2) Directions that define the way a game or sport
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assumption" in the given sentence is:8) The act of
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in this context is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "application" in the given sentence is:5) The work of applying
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "case" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a case
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "decision" in the given sentence is:3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:5) The learned profession that
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable definition of "fraud" in the given sentence is:1) Intentional deception resulting in injury to
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "occasion" in this context is:3) An opportunity to do somethingIn this sentence
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "factors" in the given sentence is:8) Anything that contributes
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "expulsions" in the given sentence is:4) The act of
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "transmission" in the given sentence is:6) The act of
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "damage" in the given sentence is:3) Loss of military equipment
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "principles" in the given sentence is:5) A basic generalization that
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:8) Action taken by a group of people.This
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possibility" in the given sentence is:2) A future prospect
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given sentence is:3) (biology) the taxonomic group whose
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "discovery" that identifies the meaning in the given sentence is:4) The act of
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) A white powdered poisonous tri
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nutrients" in this context is:2) A source of materials to nourish the
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable definition of "scope" in the given sentence is:2) An area in which something acts or operates or
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "forms" in the given sentence is:11) (biology) a group of
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" among the given options is:15) The condition of living or the state of
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possibilities" in the given sentence is:2) A future prospect
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "organism" in the sentence is:1) A living thing that has
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capability" in the sentence "This organism has dual capability" is:3) The quality
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) A white powdered poisonous trioxide of
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "form" in the given sentence is:14) A category of things
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" among the given options is:15) The condition of living or the state of
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "edition" in the given sentence is:3) The form in which a
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "journal" in the given sentence is:5) A periodic publication containing
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable definition of "elements" from the given options is:1) Any of the more than 100 known substances
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" among the given options is:15) The condition of living
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "carbon" among the given options is:1) An abundant nonmetallic t
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A mult
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable definition of "report" in this context is:3) A written document describing the findings of some individual or
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "find" in the given sentence is:2) The act of discovering
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "search" in the given sentence is:1) The activity of looking thoroughly in order to
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" is:15)
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd planet from the sun
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "life" is:13) The organic phenomenon that distingu
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable definition of "details" in the given sentence is:4) A small part that can be considered separately from
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in this context is:2) The act of discovering somethingThis definition accurately
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable definition of "speculation" in the given sentence is:4) A message expressing an opinion based on incomplete
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in this context is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis definition
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable definition of "discovery" in this context is:4) The act of discovering somethingThis definition fits
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "environments" in the given sentence is:2) The area in which
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "organisms" is:1) A living thing that has (or can develop
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given context is:1) Any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in this context is:17) A group of things of the same kind that
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" among the given options is:15) The condition of living
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "space" in the given context is:3) Any location outside the
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Sciences" in the given sentence is:1) A particular branch
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "part" in the given sentence is:2) One of the portions into which
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) A cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "work" in the given sentence is:11) Activity directed toward making or doing somethingThis
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substitution" in the given sentence is:1) The act of putting one thing or
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "element" in this context is:6) An artifact that is one of the individual parts
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "structure" in the given sentence is:5) The manner of construction
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "discovery" in the context of the sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "study" in the given sentence is:8) A branch of knowledgeThis
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable definition of "arsenic" in the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "levels" in the context of the sentence is:4) A specific
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Arsenic" is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Arsenic" is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:2) The action or reaction of something (as a
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "result" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisms" is:1) A living thing that has (or can
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "hard time" in the given sentence is:1) A difficulty that can be overcome with effort
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "elements" in the given sentence is:1) Any of the more
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) A white powdered poisonous trioxide of arsen
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) A multivalent
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentrations" among the options provided is:5) The strength of a solution
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable definition of "arsenic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) A very poisonous metallic element
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "phosphorus" is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possibility" in the given sentence is:2) A future prospect
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that has three
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Earth" among the given options is:5) The 3rd
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "planet" in the given sentence is:1) Any celestial body (other
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "moon" is:7) The natural satellite of the Earth.This definition
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" is:2) A white powdered poisonous trioxide of arsen
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable definition of "idea" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition; the main thing you
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "arsenic" in the given context is:2) A white powdered
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable definition for "phosphorus" in this context is:1) A multivalent nonmetallic element of
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "example" in the given sentence is:6) An item of information that is typical of
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Arsenic" is:1) A very poisonous metallic element that has
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The correct definition of "times" is:1) A more or less definite period of time now or previously presentThis
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Earth" in the given sentence is:5) The 3rd planet from
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ways" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:13) The organic phenomenon that
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "life" in the given sentence is:15) The condition of living
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "Earth" in the given context is:5) The 3rd planet from the
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) A group of independent but interrelated elements
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable definition for "team" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit (especially in sports)The
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "routine" in the given sentence is:1) An unvarying
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "Support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "backing" in the given sentence is:1) The act of
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	Based on the context of the sentence "Crime has become a bigger worry than unemployment," the most suitable definition of "Crime"
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "worry" in the given sentence is:1) A strong feeling
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	Neither definition is suitable for identifying the meaning of "Brazil" in the given sentence.The correct definition is not listed. The
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "findings" in the given sentence is:2) Something that is
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "poll" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "poll" in the given sentence is:1) An inquiry into public opinion conducted by
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:9) A relational difference between states; especially between states
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "attitude" in this context is:5) A complex mental state involving beliefs and feelings
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "things" in this context is:4) Any attribute or quality considered as having its own existence
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable definition of "results" in the given context is:3) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable definition for "poll" in the given sentence is:5) The counting of votes (as in an election
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "mood" in the given sentence is:3) A characteristic (habitual or
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for "second" in the given sentence is:2) Coming next after the first in position in space
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "stability" in the given sentence is:3) The quality of being enduring and free
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "attitudes" in the given sentence is:5) A complex mental
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "institutions" in the given sentence is:3) An establishment consisting of
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or policy
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" is:3) The territory occupied by a nationThis
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "South America" in the given sentence is:2) The nations of
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "table" in the given sentence is:7) A piece of furniture having a smooth
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable definition of "low" in the given sentence is:2) A low level or position or degreeThis
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "economy" in the given sentence is:2) The system of
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "drop" in the given sentence is:3) A sudden sharp decrease in
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "output" in the given sentence is:3) The quantity of something (
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable definition for "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing 365 (or
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable definition of "half" in this context is:1) One of two equal parts of a divisible whole
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The correct definition of "respondents" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who respondsThis definition is the most
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Brazil" is:1) The largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "democrats" in the given sentence is:2) An advocate of
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:6) An intermediate scale value
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "chart" in the given sentence is:2) A visual display of informationIn
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The correct answer is:1) Someone who respondsIn this context, "respondents" refers to individuals who responded to
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "democracy" in the given sentence is:3) A political system
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figure" in this context is:13) The property possessed by a sum or total or
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" is:5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The correct answer is:3) The amount by which something increasesIn this context, the sentence states that there was a
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given sentence is:2) A visual display of informationThe sentence
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "confidence" in the given context is:3) Freedom from doubt;
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "country" in this context is:3) The territory occupied by a nationThe
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Congress" in this context is:4) The legislature of the United States governmentThis
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "government" in the given sentence is:4) The organization that is the
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in this context is:5) A period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The correct answer is:1) A period of 10 yearsThis definition accurately describes the meaning of "decade"
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "woes" in the given sentence is:1) Misery resulting from afflict
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable definition of "support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or policy or interests of
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in this context is:6) The people who live in a nation or country
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The correct answer is:5) The state of the economy declines; a widespread decline in the GDP and employment and trade lasting
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	The most suitable definition for "recovery" in this context is:2) Return to an original stateIn this sentence
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable definition of "safety net" in this context is:1) A guarantee of professional or financial security
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in this context is:1) Any period of seven consecutive daysThe sentence
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "proportion" in the given sentence is:3) The quotient obtained when
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" among the options is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "mood" in the given sentence is:3) A characteristic (habit
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in this context is:2) A visual display of informationThis definition fits
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	None of the provided definitions match the meaning of "Brazil" in the given sentence.The correct definition of "Brazil" is
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The correct definition of "president" is:6) The chief executive of a republicThis definition best matches the context
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for "sense" in the given sentence is:4) The message that is intended or expressed or sign
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "progress" in the given sentence is:3) Gradual improvement or growth
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recession" is:5) The state of the economy declines;
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:9) An indefinite period (usually marked by specific
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "polls" in this context is:1) An inquiry into public opinion conducted by interviewing a
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "respondents" among the options provided is:1) Someone who respondsThis definition accurately
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "whole" in the given sentence is:2) All of something including
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crime" in this context is:2) (criminal law) an
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable definition of "problem" in this context is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "chart" in this context is:2) A visual display of informationThis
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "relative" in this context is:1) A person related by blood or marriageThe
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	The most suitable definition of "victims" in the given context is:1) An unfortunate person who suffers from some
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "crime" is:1) An evil act not necessarily punishable by
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "figure" in the given sentence is:13) The property possessed by a sum or
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "support" in the given sentence is:2) Aiding the cause or
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in this context is:1) Someone who respondsThis definition accurately describes
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "development" in the given sentence is:8) (biology) the process
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable definition for "chart" in the given sentence is:2) A visual display of informationThis definition accurately
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "system" in the given sentence is:3) Instrumentality that combines
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a nationThis
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" among the given options is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable definition is:1) Someone who respondsThe sentence is referring to people who participated in a survey or a
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable definition of "view" in this context is:8) A message expressing a belief about something; the expression
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "president" in the given sentence is:6) The chief executive of
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable definition of "companies" in this context is:11) The members of a business organization that owns or operates
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Brazil" is:1) The largest Latin American country and the largest
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given context is:3) The territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "leadership" in the given context is:4) The ability to
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable definition is:1) Someone who respondsThe sentence is referring to individuals who have responded to a survey or
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "United States" in the given context is:2) The executive and legislative and
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given context is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" is:3) The territory occupied by a nationThis
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable definition of "respondents" among the given options is:1) Someone who respondsThis definition is more
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "distinction" in the given sentence is:3) High status importance
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:1) A right based in law
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "day" in the given sentence is:8) Some point or period
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition is:2) The highest federal court in the United States;
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "question" in the given sentence is:5) The subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:3) A rule or body
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in this context is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "dinner" in the given sentence is:4) A party of people assembled
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "case" in the given context is:24) The quantity contained in a case
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in this context is:3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given context is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "petitions" in the given sentence is:2) A formal message requesting something that
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable definition of "review" in the given context is:9) (law) a judicial reexamination of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable definition of "suit" in the given context is:6) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in a court
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "states" in the given sentence is:2) One of the 50 states of the United
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable definition of "overhaul" in this context is:1) The act of improving by renewing and restoring
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Congress" in this context is:4) The legislature of the United States government
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "year" in this context is:5) A period of time containing 365
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:2) Law enacted by a
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable definition is:2) A slogan used to rally support for a causeIn this context, "rally
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the given sentence is:6) A comprehensive term for any proceeding in a
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "hour" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal to 1/
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "argument" in the given sentence is:2) A discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "March" is:4) The month following February and preceding AprilThis definition accurately identifies "
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "race" in the given sentence is:6) People who are believed
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "swing" in the given context is:7) A sweeping blow or
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:8) The continuum of experience
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable definition for "decision" in the given sentence is:3) A position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is presided over
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:3) A rule or body
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	The most suitable definition of "dinner" in this context is:4) A party of people assembled to have dinner together
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "dinner" in the given sentence is:5) The main meal of the day served
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "law" is:2) Law enacted by a legislative
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sponsor" in the given sentence is:2) Someone who supports or
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "giant" in the given sentence is:3) A very large
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "stake" in the given sentence is:5) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "dinner" is:5) The main meal of
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:4) The capital of the United States in the District
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:3) A period of time equal to 1/
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) The act of being present
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Senate" in the given sentence is:2) The upper house of
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "opponent" in this context is:1) Someone who offers oppositionThis definition fits best
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "guests" in the context of the sentence "The featured guests at the dinner
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in this context is:5) The main meal of the day served in
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "events" in the given sentence is:1) Something that happens at a given place
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable definition of "years" in the given context is:1) A prolonged period of timeIn this sentence
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in the sentence "And it's nothing that runs afoul of
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "actions" in the context of the sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to demand
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable definition of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized to decide questions brought
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "code" in the given sentence is:4) A set of rules
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized to
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "events" in the given context is:1) Something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "organizations" in the given context is:5) The persons (or committees or
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "judge" in the given sentence is:2) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speaker" in the given context is:4) A person who delivers
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "program" in the given sentence is:3) An announcement of the events that
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "event" in the given sentence is:1) Something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proximity" in the given sentence is:1) The property of
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "case" is:24) The quantity contained in a
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "company" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "interest" in the given context is:2) (law) a right or legal share
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "breach" in the given context is:3) A failure to perform some promised act or
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indifference" in this context is:3) Apathy demonstrated by an absence of
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in the given sentence is:4) A set of rules or principles or laws
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable definition of "claims" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial attention; the
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "rules" in this context is:7) Prescribed guide for conduct
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "president" in the given sentence is:3) The person who holds the
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "justices" in the given sentence is:3) A public official
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "fundraiser" in this context is:2) A social function that is held for
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cases" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "court" in the sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "appearance" in the given sentence is:2) Outward or visible
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "assistance" is:3) The activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "event" in the given sentence is:1) Something that happens at
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regard" in the given sentence is:5) An attitude of admiration or esteem.
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "business" in the given sentence is:6) The activity of providing goods and services
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "court" in the given sentence is:5) A tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "groups" in the given sentence is:8) Any number of entities (members)
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable definition is:3) A political party (especially in Great Britain or Australia) that believes in the importance of
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Justice" in the given sentence is:3) A public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "administration" in the given sentence is:3) The persons (or
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "law" in the given sentence is:4) The collection of rules imposed
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:4) A specific identifiable position in a
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case" in the sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "law" in the given sentence is:3) A rule or body of rules
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "indication" in the given sentence is:5) Something that serves to indicate or suggest
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "familiarity" in the given sentence is:1) Usualness by
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled at
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "games" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given sentence is:2) One of two or more contesting groups
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "games" in this context would be:11) (games) the score at a particular
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "game" is:10) A contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "San Jose" in the given context is:2) The capital and
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	The most suitable definition of "number one" in this context is:4) The first or highest in an ordering or series
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:3) The sum of recognized
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable definition for "games" in the given sentence is:11) (games) the score at a particular point
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:9) The property possessed by a sum or total
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for "game" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a winner.
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for "League" in this context is:3) An association of sports teams that organizes matches for
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "year" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "league" in this context is:3) An association of sports teams that organizes matches
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "competitions" in the given sentence is:3) An occasion on
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "players" in the given sentence is:7) A person who participates in or is
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of knowledge
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "area" in the given sentence is:5) A particular geographical region of
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "level" in the given sentence is:8) A relative position or degree
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "peak" in the given sentence is:3) The highest level or
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "goalkeeper" in this context is:1) The soccer or hockey player assigned to protect the
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable definition of "game" in the context of the sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine a
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "London" in the given sentence is:3) The capital and largest city
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "record" in the given sentence is:8) An extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "goalkeeper" is:1) The soccer or hockey player assigned to protect
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in which two or more
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "today" in the given sentence is:1) The day that includes the present
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "record" in the given context is:8) An extreme attainment; the best
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "player" in the context of the sentence is:7) A person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable definition of "matches" in the given context is:9) A formal contest in which two or more persons
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable definition of "week" in this context is:1) Any period of seven consecutive daysThis definition is
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "player" among the given options is:7) A person who participates in or is skilled
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "team" in the given context is:1) A cooperative unit (especially
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given context is:9) A formal contest in which two or more
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The correct answer is:8) The person who plays the position of forward in certain games, such as basketball, soccer,
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "number" in the given sentence is:9) The property possessed by
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "games" in the given sentence is:10) A contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "side" in the given context is:12) Either the left or right half of
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" among the given options is:9) A formal contest in which two or more
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "striker" in the given sentence is:8) The person who
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in this context is:10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "matches" in the given sentence is:9) A formal contest in
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "side" is:12) Either the left or right
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "presences" is:4) That which is perceived
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "rest" in the context of the given sentence is:4) Freedom from activity (work
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" among the given options is:10) A contest with rules to determine a winner
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The correct answer is:3) A player who makes a score in a game or contestThis definition accurately describes the meaning
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The correct definition of "goals" among the given options is:2) A successful attempt at scoringThis definition best describes
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "points" is:27. The object of an activityThis
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the context of the sentence "Is immigration a burden
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "economy" in the context of the sentence "Is immigration a burden or an opportunity
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Immigration" in the given sentence is:2) Migration into a place
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The correct answer is: 1) A distinct feature or element in a problemIn the given sentence, "aspects
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable definition of "congestion" in the given sentence is:2) Excessive crowdingThis definition
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable definition of "policy" in this context is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course of action
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "numbers" in the given sentence is:9) The property possessed by a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compatibility" in the given sentence is:1) Capability of existing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable definition of "status" in this context is:1) The relative position or standing of things or especially persons
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "harassment" in the given sentence is:2) The act
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "students" in the given sentence is:1) A learner who is enrolled
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "France" in the given sentence is:1) A republic in western
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "talent" in the given sentence is:2) A person who
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable definition for "waiters" in this context is:1) A person whose occupation is to serve at table
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "viewpoint" in the given sentence is:2) A mental position from
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lot" in the given sentence is:8) (often followed by
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the given sentence is:4) Those who support varying degrees of social or
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Right" in the given sentence is:4) Those who support political or social
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "subject" in the given sentence is:1) The subject matter of a conversation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Right" in this context is:4) Those who support political or social or economic conservatism;
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "tone" in the given sentence is:8) The general atmosphere of a place
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "problem" in the given context is:3) A state of difficulty that
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given context is:4) A person who works
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Left" in the given context is:4) Those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	Based on the context, the most suitable definition is:1) A republic in western Europe; the largest country wholly in Europe
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "misery" in the given context is:1) A state of
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the sentence "The only difference, the degree of generosity"
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "degree" in the given context is:3) A position on a scale of intensity
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	Based on the sentence "The only difference, the degree of generosity", the most suitable dictionary definition of "generosity" would
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "fear" in the given sentence is:1) An emotion experienced in anticipation of
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "invasion" in the given sentence is:3) Any entry into an area
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable definition for "territory" in the given sentence is:1) The geographical area under the jurisdiction of a
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable definition for "hordes" in the given sentence is:3) A moving crowd"Hordes" typically
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Left" in the given sentence is:4) Those who support varying degrees
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition of "Right" is:4) Those who support political or social or
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sides" in the given sentence is:2) One of two
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An oner
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable definition of "economy" in the given sentence is:2) The system of production and distribution and consumption
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "society" in the given sentence is:1) An extended social
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "difference" in the given sentence is:5) The quality of being
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the given sentence is:3) A position on a scale of intensity or
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "generosity" among the given options is:2) The trait of being willing to give
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "program" in the given sentence is:5) A system of projects or services intended to meet
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "problem" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea inferred or
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "burden" in the given sentence is:4) An onerous or
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable definition of "problem" is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolvedThis definition best
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "book" in this context is:7. A written work or composition that has
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable definition of "immigration" from the given options is:2) Migration into a place (especially migration to
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "People" in the given context is:3) (plural) any group
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Migration" is:2) The movement of persons from one country or
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Future" in the given sentence is:2) The time yet to
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "specialists" in this context is:2) An expert who is
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "impact" in the given sentence is:4) Influencing strongly
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "migration" in the given context is:2) The movement of persons
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable definition of "flows" among the options is:8) Any uninterrupted stream or dischargeThis definition directly relates
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "employment" is:2) The state of being employed or having a job
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" is:3) The territory occupied by a nationThis
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "immigration" is:2) Migration into a place (especially migration to
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "growth" in the given sentence is:8) A process of becoming
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "employment" is:2) The state of being employed or having a
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Fears" in the given sentence is:2) An anxious feeling
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is:1) A forceful consequence; a strong effect
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "notion" in the given sentence is:1) An abstract or general idea inferred
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at a
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	The most suitable definition is:1) A single person or thingIn the sentence, "ones" refers to unsk
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pressure" in the given sentence is:2) The act of pressing
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "experience" in the given sentence is:3) The accumulation of knowledge or skill that
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replacements" in the given sentence is:5) Someone who takes the place of another
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "labor" in the given sentence is:3) Productive work
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trades" is:7) The skilled practice of a practical occupationThis definition align
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for "shortage" in the given context is:3) An acute insufficiencyThis definition
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "labor" is:3) Productive work (especially physical work
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group that forms part of the
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "labor" in the given sentence is:8) A social class comprising those
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	The correct answer is:1) A single person or thingThe sentence is referring to "the most highly skilled ones",
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable definition of "training" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:2) The activities of educating or
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	The most suitable definition of "offers" in this context is:3) Something offered (as a proposal or bid)In
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "employment" is:2) The state of being employed or having a
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "effect" in the sentence "A positive effect on wages" is:
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "way" in the given sentence is:15) A way of doing something,
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "shortage" in this context is:2) The property of being an amount by
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable definition of "complementarities" in the given context is:1) The interrelation of reciprocity
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "arrival" in the given sentence is:3) The act of arriving at a certain
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The correct answer is: 6) A phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon.In this sentence, "
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "rise" is:2) The amount a salary is
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "flow" in the context of the sentence would be:8) Any uninterrupted stream or discharge
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "increase" in the given sentence is:3) The amount by which
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fact" in the given sentence is:6) A statement or assertion
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "diversity" in the given context is:4) The doctrine that several different cultures
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "creation" in the given sentence is:3) The act of starting something for the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "ideas" in the given sentence is:3) The content of cognition
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "proportion" in the given sentence is:3) The quotient obtained when
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "American" in the given sentence is:2) Of or relating to the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	The most suitable definition for "winners" in this context is:3) A person with a record of successesThis
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Yahoo" in the given context is:1) A widely used search
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable definition for "contributors" in the context of the sentence is:2) Someone who contributes (or promises to
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) A summary of intended expenditures along
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable definition for "Labor" is:3) Productive work (especially physical work done for wages)This definition
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Organisation" in the given sentence is:4) The persons (or committees
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The correct answer is:2) A time of life (usually defined in years) at which some particular qualification or power arises
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "contribution" in the given context is:5) An amount of money contributed
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "receipts" in the given sentence is:2) The act of
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "expenditure" in the given sentence is:3) Money paid
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:6) An intermediate scale value
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:2) A summary of intended expenditures along with proposals
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "mandate" in the given sentence is:2) The commission that is
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "points" in the given sentence is:20) A distinct part that
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "growth" in the given sentence is:4) Something grown or growingThis
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "question" in the given sentence is:5) The subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "effect" in the given sentence is:6) A phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "pound" in the given sentence is:8) The basic unit
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The correct answer is:2) North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable definition of "trouble" in this context is:1) A source of difficultyIn this sentence,
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "uproar" in the given sentence is:1) A state of commotion and
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "pound" in this context is:7) A symbol for a unit of
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable definition for "USA" in the given context is:2) North American republic containing 50 states -
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "problems" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "home" in the given sentence is:10) The country or state
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable definition for "industry" in this context is:1) The people or companies engaged in a particular kind of
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giant" in this context is:4) An unusually large enterpriseThis definition best
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "USA" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:11) The basic unit of
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "disputes" in the given context is:2) A disagreement
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "bankruptcy" among the given options is:3) A legal process intended to insure equality
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the sentence "The issue centres on the sale of mortgage securities" is:
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sale" in the given sentence is:6) An agreement (or
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regulator" is:5) An official responsible for control and supervision
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "string" in the given sentence is:4) A sequentially ordered set of
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable definition for "banks" among the given options is:11) A building in which the business of banking trans
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	The most suitable definition of "promises" in this context is:1) A verbal commitment by one person to another agreeing
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "value" in the given sentence is:4) The quality (positive or
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" among the options provided is:6) A formal declaration that documents a fact
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) An unstable situation
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:3) An important question that is in dispute and must
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New York" in the given sentence is:4) The largest city in New York State
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" is:1) A financial institution that accepts deposits
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "settlement" in the given sentence is:7) A conclusive resolution of
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The correct answer is:11) The basic unit of money in the United StatesExplanation: The sentence mentions "dollars
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "responsiveness" in this context is:2) Responsive to stimulationThis definition implies that
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bankruptcies" in the given sentence is:3) A legal
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deposits" in the context of the sentence is:11) Money deposited in a
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compensation" in the given sentence is:4) Something (such
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "billions" in the given context is:2) The number that is represented as a
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "settlements" among the given options is:5) A community of people smaller than
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "regulator" in the given sentence is:1) A governmental agency
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "summer" in the given sentence is:1) The warmest season
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "fate" in the given sentence is:2) An event (or
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "number" in the given sentence is:9) The property possessed by
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:11) The members of a business organization that owns or
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "height" in the given sentence is:5) The vertical dimension of extension
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "crisis" in the given sentence is:2) An unstable situation
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:7) The land along the edge of a body
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable definition for "wind" in the given sentence is:4) Air moving (sometimes with considerable force) from
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "USA" in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:5) A period of time containing 365 (
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable definition for "regulators" in the given sentence is:5) An official responsible for control and supervision of
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in this context is:9) The property possessed by a sum or total or
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "claims" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to demand judicial
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "compensation" in the given sentence is:4) Something (such as money
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "misconduct" in the given sentence is:1) Activity that transgresses
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "wave" in the context of the given sentence would be:6) A movement like that
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a right (
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "banks" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:11) The basic unit
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "value" in the given sentence is:7) The amount (of money or
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The correct definition that identifies the meaning of "dollars" in the given sentence is:11) The basic unit of money
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable definition for "regulator" in this context is:5) An official responsible for control and supervision of a
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "bank" in the given sentence is:11) A building in which
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "responsibility" in this context is:2) A form of trustworthiness; the
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "sum" in the given sentence is:7) A quantity of money
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:5) A claim sufficient to demand
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "intention" in the given sentence is:1) An anticipated outcome
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "claims" in the given sentence is:7) An assertion of a
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:3) Writing that provides information (
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "public" in the given context is:1) Not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "Assessment" among the given options that fits the context of the sentence "This document is
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" among the given options is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable definition of "explains" in this context is:3) Make plain and comprehensibleThe sentence implies
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group delegated
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "products" in the given sentence is:7) Commodities offered for
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Human" in the given sentence is:3) Relating to a person
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:4) What something is used
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assessed" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in this context is:7) A detailed critical inspectionThis definition best
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "performed" in the given sentence is:1) Carry out or
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reach" in the given sentence is:10) Reach a destination,
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) Something (as a course
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "need" in the given sentence is:1) Have need ofThis
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	The correct definition of "more" in this context is:1) (comparative of `many' used with count
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The correct answer is: 2) Knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction.The sentence is referring to the information provided
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medical" in the given sentence is:2) Requiring or amenable
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "condition" in the given sentence is:4) An illness, disease
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the given sentence is:3) Interpret something that is written or printed
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Leaflet" in the given context is:2) An advertisement (usually
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable definition for "part" in the given sentence is:2) One of the portions into which something is regarded
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contact" in the given sentence is:2) Be in or establish
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given context is:1) A licensed medical practitionerThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "information" is:3) A collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawnThis
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "basis" in the given sentence is:3) The fundamental assumptions from which
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "recommendations" in the given sentence is:1) Something (as
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the given sentence is:3) Interpret something that is written or printed.
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Discussion" in the given sentence is:2) An extended communication (
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" among the given options is:9) A group of independent
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "powder" in the given sentence is:3) Any of various
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "solution" in the context of the sentence is:2) A homogeneous
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable definition of "infusion" that matches the given context is:3) (medicine) the passive introduction of
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "drip" in the given context is:2) Let or cause to
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "vein" in the given sentence is:4) A blood vessel that
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contains" in the sentence is:3) Include or contain; have
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "active" in the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetrex
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "substance" that fits the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemet
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	Based on the context of "Alimta", which is a medication, I would select the following definitions:1) Use
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "used" in the sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable definition for "treat" in the given sentence is:7) Subject to a process or treatment, with
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "types" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" among the given options is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" among the given options is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "lining" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable definition is:2) Give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionallyIn the sentence
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "remove" in the given sentence is:8) Remove something concrete, as
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "surgery" is:4) A medical procedure involving an incision with
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	The correct answer is: 4) Exclusive of anyone or anything else.In the given sentence, "alone" means without
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "spread" in the given context is:8) Become distributed or widespread
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "likely" in the given sentence is:2) Has a good chance
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable definition for "spread" in the context of cancer is:8) Become distributed or widespreadThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	The correct definition that best identifies the meaning of "easily" in the given sentence is:3) With ease (`easy
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The correct answer is: 1) Not the same one or ones already mentioned or implied.In this context, "other
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "parts" in the given context is:12) The extended spatial location
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "body" is:16) The entire structure of an
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The correct definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical care
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicines" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable definition of "cancer" in the given context is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor caused by abnormal
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "advanced" in the given sentence is:6) Comparatively late in a
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional unit
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "affecting" in the given context is:4) Have an
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ for
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the given context is:7) Subject to a process or treatment,
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) A person who requires medical care.This definition
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable definition for "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a particular kind of thing
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The correct answer is:2) A verb tense that expresses actions or states in the pastIn the given sentence, "
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something that
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "only" in the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with a
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "obtained" in the given sentence is:2) Come into possession of
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prescription" in the given sentence is:3) Written instructions from
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the sentence "How is Alimta used?" is:7) Put into
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The correct answer is:4) Except thatThe word "only" is used to indicate that something is the only exception
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "given" among the provided options is:17) Accord by verdict
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) A licensed medical practitioner
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the context of the given sentence is:4) What
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The correct definition of "dose" that matches the given context is:5) The quantity of an active agent (sub
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mg" in the given sentence is:2) One millionth (
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "body" is:16) The entire structure of an
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "calculated" in the given sentence is:2) Make a mathematical
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable definition for "using" in the given sentence is:6) Habitually do something (use only in the
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patient" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "height" in the given sentence is:4) (of a standing
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The correct answer is:6) The weight of a person's bodyThis definition directly relates to the context of the sentence
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "given" in the sentence "It is given once every three weeks as an intr
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "once" in this context is:2) On one occasionThe sentence states that the
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "every" in the given sentence is:1) Each and all of a series
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) Any period of seven
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "lasting" in the context of the sentence is:1) Persist for a specified period of
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The correct answer is:1) A unit of time equal to 60 seconds or 1/60th of an hour
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reduce" in the context of the sentence "To reduce side effects, patients should take a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side effects" is:1) A secondary and usually adverse effect of
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" is:1) A person who requires medical careThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:2) A subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable definition of "injections" is:1) The act of putting a liquid into the body by means of
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" among the given options is:16) Give (as medicine)This definition align
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine) something that treats or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Stop (someone or something
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "fluids" in the given context is:3) A substance that
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "prevent" in the given sentence is:2) Stop (someone or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dehydration" is:2) Depletion of bodily fluidsThis
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "given" in the context of the sentence is:6) Deliver in exchange or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable definition of "before" in this context is:1) At an earlier time or formerlyThis definition implies
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "after" is:1) Happening at a time subsequent to a reference
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dose" in the given context is:5) The quantity of
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Treatment" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine) the act
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "delayed" in the given sentence is:2) Hold back to a
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "discontinued" in the given sentence is:2) Put an end
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The correct answer is:5) The quantity of an active agent (substance or radiation) taken in or absorbed at any
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "reduced" in the given sentence is:11) Cut down on
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable definition of "blood counts" in the given sentence is:2) The number of red and white corpuscles
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "abnormal" in the given sentence is:2) Not normal; not typical or usual
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable definition for "have" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in a concrete or
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The correct definition is:1) Definite but not specified or identifiedIn this context, "certain" means that
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The correct answer is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expectedIn this context,
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" is:1) A secondary and usually adverse effect of a drug or therapy
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:4) What something is used for
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in this context is:1) A person who requires medical care.This definition
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "moderate" is:3) Being within reasonable or average limits;
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "severe" in the context of the sentence is:5) Intensely or extremely bad
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "problems" in the context of the sentence is:3) A state of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The correct answer is:1) (comparative of `many' used with count nouns) quantifier meaning greater in
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given context is:3) A collection of facts from which conclusions may
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "see" in the given context is:4) Go to see for professional or
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Product" in the given sentence is:7) Commodities offered for sale
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable definition for "part" among the given options is:9) A group of independent but interrelated elements comprising
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "active" in the given sentence is:9) Disposed to take
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "substance" in the given sentence is:2) Material produced by
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "medicine" in the sentence is:6) (medicine) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "kills" among the options is:5) Deprive of life
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	The correct answer is:6) Make a division or separationThe sentence states that the active substance "kills cells that
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "body" in the given sentence is:16) The entire structure of
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable definition of "converted" in the given context is:9) Change in nature, purpose, or function;
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "active" in the given sentence is:9) Disposed to take
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given sentence is:14) A category of things distinguished by some common characteristic
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable definition of "blocks" in this context is:7) Hinder or prevent the progress or accomplishment of
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable definition for "involved" in this context is:1) Connected by participation or association or useThis
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "producing" in the context of the sentence is:6) Give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "building blocks" in the given sentence is:1) A single und
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the context of the sentence is:4) Of or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable definition of "material" in the given sentence is:3) The tangible substance that goes into the makeup of
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cells" is:5) (biology) the basic structural and functional
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studied" in the given sentence is:3) Consider in detail
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "studied" in the context of the given sentence is:3) Consider in
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable definition of "main" in this context is:3) Most important elementIn this sentence, "main
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "study" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" is:1) A person who requires medical careThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "before" in the given sentence is:3) Earlier in time;
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The correct answer is:3) A symptom caused by an illness or a drugThe sentence is referring to the consequences or
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given context is:1) Care provided to
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given context is:5) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "effects" in this context is:3) A symptom caused by an illness or a
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note the similarities or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something that treats or prevents or
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" among the given options is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding a
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "involving" in the given sentence is:3) Engage
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "locally" in this context is:2) To a restricted area of the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "advanced" in the given context is:6) Comparatively late in a course
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) The time that has elapsed
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given context is:6) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "study" among the given options is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in this context is:3) Engage as a participantThis
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	The correct answer is:1) The time that has elapsedThe sentence states that the patients "had not received chemotherapy for
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studies" in the given sentence is:1) A written document
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given sentence is:3) Most important elementThis definition accurately describes
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the given sentence is:3) A basis for comparison; a reference point
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "long" in the context of the sentence is:1) For an extended time
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition to identify the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the sentence is:2) Continue in existence after (an adversity, etc.)This definition accurately
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "benefit" in the context of Alimta showing a benefit during studies would be
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable definition for "shown" in the given sentence is:3) Establish the validity of something, as by an
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in this context is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding a
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable definition for "increased" in the given sentence is:2) Become bigger or greater in amountThe
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survival" in the context of the sentence is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Patients" is:1) A person who requires medical careThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survived" in the given sentence is:2) Continue in
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given sentence is:6) An intermediate scale value regarded as normal or
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable definition is:1) A time unit of approximately 30 daysThe sentence is referring to a duration of
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:2) One of the twelve divisions
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The correct definition is:1) A person who requires medical care.The sentence is referring to individuals who are receiving treatment for
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cell" in the given sentence is:5) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "effective" in the given sentence is:3) Works well as a
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:2) The semantic role of an
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:1) The time that has elapsedThis definition
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:4) Approximating the statistical
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "survival" from the given options is:1) A state of surviving; remaining
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in this context is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The most suitable definition for the word "compared" in the given sentence is:3) Examine and note the similarities
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in this context is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "past" in the given sentence is:1) The time that has
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "average" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to or
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable definition of "survival" in the given context is:1) A state of surviving; remaining alive
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "time" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "months" in the given sentence is:1) A time unit of approximately
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "groups" in the given sentence is:8) Any number of entities
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "However" in this context is:3) By contrast; on the other hand
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "studies" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "affecting" in the given sentence is:1) Have an
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "longer" in the given sentence is:6) Primarily temporal
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable definition for the word "survival" in this context is:1) A state of surviving; remaining
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable definition for the word "times" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as a
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "contrast" in the given sentence is:3) The act of distinguishing
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "patients" in the given sentence is:1) A person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth or tumor
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "affecting" in this context is:1) Have an effect uponIn
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable definition of "shorter" in the context of the sentence is:2) (primarily spatial sense)
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "survival" in the given sentence is:1) A state
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "times" in the given sentence is:7) A period of time considered as
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "mathematical" in the context of the sentence is:1) Of or
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The correct answer is:1) Use as a basis for; found onIn this sentence, "based" is used
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "capable" in the given sentence is:4) (usually followed
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" among the given options is:6) Organize or be responsible forThis
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "simple" in the given sentence is:6. Having few parts;
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the given sentence is:4) (mathematics) calculation by mathematical methods
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "3D" in the given sentence is:2) Having a three
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:3) In actual factThis definition indicates that the
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "necessary" in the given sentence is:4) Absolutely essentialThis definition
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable definition for "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant or aware of a fact
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to one
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The correct answer is:2) At the present momentIn this sentence, "now" indicates the current time or situation
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "little" in the given sentence is:3) (quantifier used
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "mathematical" in the given sentence is:1) Of or
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "Here" in the given sentence is:1) In or at this place; where
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "main" in the given sentence is:3) Most important element
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "window" in the given sentence is:2) (computer science) a
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the given sentence is:3) Most important elementIn this context,
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "window" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of "main window" is:3) Most important element
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "window" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:2) (
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "consists" in this context is:2) Be composed ofThis definition accurately describes
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Console" in the context of the given sentence is:7) A scientific
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "3D" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Below" is:4) In or to a place that is lower
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition of "find" among the given options is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence,
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "input" is:3) Signal going into an electronic systemThis definition is the most
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "type" in the given sentence is:1) Identify as belonging to
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" is:5) The actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "do" is:11) Carry out or perform an actionThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "calculations" is:2) The procedure of calculating; determining something
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for; want
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "understand" in the given sentence is:4) Know and comprehend
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "works" in the given sentence is:14) Have an effect or outcome; often the
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative and superlative
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" among the options is:4. Any attribute or quality considered as having its own
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:6. Carry on or functionThis definition fits
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in this context is:5) Be fully aware or cognizant of
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable definition for "input" in this context is:3) Signal going into an electronic systemThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "converted" in the given sentence is:2) Change the nature, purpose, or function of
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "necessary" in the given sentence is:4) Absolutely essentialIn
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "know" in the given sentence is:5) Be cognizant
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The correct definition of "based" in this context is:1) Use as a basis for; found onThis definition
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "hard" in the given sentence is:6) Not easy; requiring
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "closely" in this context is:1) In an attentive manner
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "look" in the given sentence is:4) Perceive with attention; direct
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" is:1) Precisely soThe word "very" is used
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "similar" in the sentence is:2) Having the same or similar
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Addition" is:5) The arithmetic operation of summing;
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "subtraction" is:1) The act of subtracting (rem
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "multiplication" is:3) An arithmetic operation that is the inverse
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "division" among the given options is:10) An arithmetic operation that
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Power" among the given options is:5) Possession of the
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "possible" in the given sentence is:2) Capable of happening
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "use" in the sentence "Also it is possible to use the unicode
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	Based on the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too," the most suitable definition for "Powers" would
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for the word "way" is:15) A way of doing
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	Based on the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots," the most suitable dictionary definition of "roots" is:
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	The correct answer is:2) In additionIn the sentence "Powers are one way to make roots too," "
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	Based on the sentence "-gt : It's the way to specify the bounded variable in a function", the most suitable definition of
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable definition of "specify" in the context of specifying a bounded variable in a function is:6) Select
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "variable" among the given options is:3) A quantity that can
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "function" among the given options is:4) A relation such that one
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable definition of "used" in the context of specifying a higher priority is:5) Seek or achieve an end
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "specify" in the context of specifying a higher priority is:6)
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "higher" among the given options is:7) Greater than normal in
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The correct answer is: 4) Status established in order of importance or urgency.This definition accurately describes the meaning of "
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the given sentence is:7) Discover or determine the existence, presence
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the context of the given sentence is:4) A relation
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "checks" among the given options is:4) Examine so as to
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "operator" in this context is:6) (mathematics) a symbol or function representing a
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable definition for "treated" in the given sentence is:7) Subject to a process or treatment, with
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "operator" among the given options is:6) (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treated" in the given sentence is:7) Subject to a process or
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "user" in the given sentence is:3) A person who makes
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "function" from the given options is:5) The actions and activities assigned to
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" among the given options is:6) Habitually do something (use only in
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "define" among the given options is:2) Give a definition for
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable definition of "value" is:5) A numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed.This definition accurately describes
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "way" in the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can define
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "define" in the given sentence is:2) Give a definition for the meaning
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conditional" in the given sentence is:1) Imposing or depending
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "operations" in the given sentence is:5) Process or manner of
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable definition of "introduce" in this context is:6) Bring in or establish in a new place or
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) Avail oneself toThis definition captures the
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "true" is:11) Consistent with fact or
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence, presence
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	The most suitable definition of "instance" in this context is:1) An occurrence of somethingThis definition best captures the
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	Based on the sentence "It can be used to define a container", the most suitable dictionary definition for "used" is:
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "define" is:2) Give a definition for the meaning of a word
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "useful" in the context of the sentence "Mainly useful for
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "working" among the options is:20) Exert oneself by doing mental or physical work
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Now" in the given sentence is:2) At the present momentThis
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "ask" in the sentence "Now you could ask me, why should the
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "user" in the given sentence is:3) A person who makes
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "easy" in the given sentence is:5) Posing no difficulty; requiring
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "functions" in the given sentence is:6) What something is used
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cos()" is:3) Function of an angle expressed as a ratio of the length of
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sin()" among the options is:1) Ratio of the length of the side opposite the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable definition for "other" in this context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "sum" in the given sentence is:3) The arithmetic operation of sum
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "product" in the given context is:5) A quantity obtained by multiplicationThis definition
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	Based on the given options, the most suitable definition for "plus()" is:2) The arithmetic operation of summing;
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "times()" is:2) An arithmetic operation that is the inverse of
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	Based on the sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything which has its operator", the most suitable dictionary definition for
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "operator" is:6) (mathematics) a symbol or function
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "useful" in the given sentence is:2) Being of use
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable definition for "there" is:2) In or at that placeThis definition accurately captures the meaning of
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable definition of "have" that identifies the meaning of "have" in the given sentence "There you have a
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "list" in the given context is:4) A database containing an
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "variables" is:3) A quantity that can assume any of a set
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and look
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	The correct answer is:1) Make it possible through a specific action or lack of action for something to happenThe word
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "change" in the given sentence is:2) Become different in some
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "values" in the given sentence is:4) The quality (positive
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in this context is:5) Exactly at this moment or the moment described;
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" among the given options is:15) A way of doing something, especially a
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "log" in the given sentence is:5) A written record of
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "time" among the given options is:8) The continuum of experience
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "expression" is:9) A group of words that form a constituent of a
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable definition is:3) A quantity that can assume any of a set of valuesThis definition accurately describes a
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "value" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A numerical
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "changed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Become different
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable definition of "last" among the given options is:3) Coming after all others in time or space or
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "result" is:2) The semantic role of the noun phrase whose
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable definition for "New" among the given options is:10) Original and of a kind not seen before
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Window" in the given sentence "Ctrl N New Window" is:
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "log" in the sentence "Flushes the log" is:7
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable definition of "Load" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:2) Transfer from a storage device
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Executes" is:5) Carry out a process or program,
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "instructions" in the sentence is:5) A message describing how something is
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "file" in the context "Executes the instructions in a file sequentially
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "nice" in the given sentence is:5) Pleasant or pleasing or agreeable
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:4) Feel or have a desire for; want
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "define" is:2) Give a definition for the meaning of a
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "libraries" in the given sentence is:3) (computing)
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "resume" in this context is:2) Take up or begin anewIn this sentence
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "previous" in the given sentence is:3) Just preceding something else in time or order
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:11) Activity directed toward making
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl G Save Script" is:9) Record data
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable definition for "Saves" in the given context is:11) To keep up and reserve for personal or
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "instructions" in the given sentence is:5) A message describing how
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "typed" in the given sentence is:1) Identify as belonging to
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "began" is:5) Have a beginning, of a temporal event
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" among the given options is:1) Have the skills and qualifications to do things
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Generates" is:2) Bring into existenceThis definition accurately captures the
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "easy" that identifies its meaning in the given context is:5) Posing no difficulty
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fix" among the given options is:12) Restore by replacing a part or putting together
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "using" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text editor" in this context is:2) (computer science) an application that can
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Save" in the sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:9
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Log" in the sentence "Ctrl S Save Log" is:5
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Saves" in the given context is:4) Accumulate money for future
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "log" in the given sentence is:5) A written record of
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:2) The semantic role of
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "able" in the given sentence is:1) Have the skills and
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "print" in this context is:2) Reproduce by printingThis definition
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "publish" in the given sentence is:3) Put into print
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable definition of "Quit" is:4) Put an end to a state or an activityThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "program" in the sentence "Shuts the program down" is:
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "add" in the given sentence is:4) Make an addition by
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "new" in the sentence is:7) Not of long duration; having
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "do" in the given sentence is:11) Carry out or perform an
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "go" in the context of "go to the 2D Graph tab and
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Add" in the context of the sentence is:4) Make an
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "add" in the given sentence is:4) Make an addition by
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "new" in the sentence "To add a new 2D graph
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics)
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Then" in the given sentence is:1) Subsequently or soon
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "focus" in the given sentence is:4) The concentration of attention or
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "input" in the given sentence is:3) Signal going into an
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable definition of "text" in this context is:1) The words of something writtenThis definition refers to
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	Based on the context, I would select definition 1: "Identify as belonging to a certain type". This definition is
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "function" is:5) The actions and activities assigned to or required or expected of a
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in this context is:4) Feel or have a desire for; want strongly
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:5) Seek or achieve an end by using to
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "typical" in the given sentence is:3) Exhibiting the
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "necessary" in the given sentence is:4) Absolutely essentialThe sentence implies
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable definition of "specify" in this context is:3) Define clearlyThis definition aligns with the
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "function" in the given sentence is:5) The actions and activities
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "display" in the given sentence is:1) To show, make visible
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "main" in the given context is:3) Most important elementThis definition
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "window" is:2) (computer science) a
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "set" among the options is:10) Make ready or suitable or equip in advance for
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "several" in the given sentence is:3) (used with
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "same" in the given sentence is:2) Closely similar
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Just" in the given sentence is:5) Exactly at this moment or
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "use" in the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Add" in the given context is:4) Make an addition by combining numbers
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "List" in the given sentence is:4) A database containing an ordered
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mode" that identifies its meaning in the given sentence is:4) A particular functioning condition
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "set" among the given options is:10) Make ready or suitable or equip in advance
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "color" among the given options is:3) The appearance of objects
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Foundation" in the given sentence is:3) An institution supported by
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given sentence is:3) Engage as a participantThis
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "organising" in this context is:2) Arrange by systematic planning and united effort
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable definition of "conference" in this context is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange of
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable definition of "dealt" in the given sentence is:4) Direct the course of; manage or control
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "critical" in the given sentence is:6) Urgently needed;
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable definition for "challenge" in the context of the sentence is:1) A demanding or stimulating situationIn
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "participants" in the given sentence is:1) Someone who takes part in an activity
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for "main" in this context is:3) Most important elementThis definition best fits the context
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "attended" in the given sentence is:7) Be present at (meet
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "debated" in the given sentence is:4) Discuss the pros
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable definition of "issues" from the given options is:3) An important question that is in dispute and must
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	The most suitable definition for "actors" in the given sentence is:2) A person who acts and gets things done
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "authorities" in the given sentence is:6) (usually plural
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voluntary" in the given sentence is:1) Of your own free will or design
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "community" in the given sentence is:2) A group of people living in a particular
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable definition for "organisations" from the given options is:4) The persons (or committees or departments etc
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition of "service" from the given options is:6) Work done by one person or group that
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "users" in the given sentence is:3) A person who makes
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable definition of "cases" in the given sentence is:24) The quantity contained in a caseThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reported" in the given sentence is:5) Announce as the result of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable definition of "attempts" in this context is:2) Earnest and conscientious activity intended to do
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "involve" in this context is:3) Engage as a participant
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "users" in the given sentence is:3) A person who makes use of a
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "service" in the given sentence is:6. Work done by one person or group
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "planning" in the given sentence is:1) An act of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "involvement" in the given sentence is:1) The act of sharing
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "service" in the given sentence is:6) Work done by one
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "provision" in the given sentence is:3) The activity of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "found" in the given sentence is:6) Discover or determine the existence,
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "more" in the given sentence is:2) Comparative of much;
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "common" in the given sentence is:5) Commonly encountered
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "variety" from the given options that identifies the meaning in the sentence "Note was also
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable definition of "different" in the given sentence is:5) Distinct or separateThis definition captures the
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable definition of "played" in the given sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different roles played by
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open to
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "welfare" in the given sentence is:2) Something that aids
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:6) A foundation that provides funds for science or art
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable definition of "Commission" from the given options is:5) A special group delegated to consider some matter.
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable definition for "Ministry" in the given sentence is:2) A government department under the direction of a
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable definition is:2) Transactions of professional or public interestThe word "affairs" in the sentence refers
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "regional" in the given sentence is:1) Related or limited to
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable definition for "government" in the given sentence is:4) The organization that is the governing authority of a
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exclusion" in the given sentence is:5) The social process
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The correct answer is:6) Greater in scope or effectThe sentence states that social exclusion is a "major challenge"
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) A demanding or stimulating situation
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable definition for the word "public" in this context is:1) Not private; open to or concerning the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable definition for the word "welfare" in the given sentence is:3) Governmental provision of economic assistance
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:3) An institution supported by an endowmentThis
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable definition for the word "published" in the given sentence is:1) Prepare and issue for public distribution or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "comparative" in the given sentence is:1) Relating
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable definition of "study" from the given options that identifies the meaning of "study" in the sentence is:
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "part" in the given sentence is:9) A group of independent
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the given context is:3) Evaluate or estimate the nature, quality
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "extent" in the given sentence is:2) The point or degree to
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "direct" among the given options is:4) Straightforward in means or manner or behavior
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "participation" is:1) The act of sharing in the
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "work" in the given sentence is:11) Activity directed toward making or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "increasing" in the given sentence is:2) Become bigger or greater
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:1) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The correct definition is:1) Use as a basis for; found onIn this context, "based on" is
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable definition for "personal" in the given context is:3) Particular to a given individualThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) The questioning
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "senior" in the given context is:3) Older; higher in
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "officials" in the given sentence is:2) A worker who
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable definition of "social" in this context is:2) Relating to human society and its members.This
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "representatives" in the given sentence is:3) A person who represents
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) Of or relating to a
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "level" in the given sentence is:8) A relative position or degree of
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable definition for "organisations" from the given options is:4) The persons (or committees or departments etc
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "countries" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "important" in the given sentence is:2) Of great significance or value
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "industrial" in the given sentence is:4) Of or relating
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group that
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "metal" in the given sentence is:2) Any of several chemical
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "industry" is:3) The organized action of making of goods and services for sale
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "banking" in the given sentence is:2) Engaging in the
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable definition of "sector" in the given sentence is:3) A social group that forms part of the society
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "included" in the given sentence is:3) Add as part of something else
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "speakers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given context is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "exclusion" in the context of the given sentence is:5)
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "conference" in the given context is:4) A prearranged
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable definition for "left" in the given context is:4) Those who support varying degrees of social or political
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable definition for the word "right" in the context of the sentence is:8) Anything in accord with principles
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable definition for "Employment" in this context is:1) The occupation for which you are paidThis
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Industrial" is:4) Of or relating to or resulting from industry
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "Commission" in the given sentence is:5) A special group delegated to
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "high" in the given context is:7) Greater than normal in degree or
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable definition of "Committee" among the given options is:2) A special group delegated to consider some matter
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Member" in the given context is:5) An organization that is
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Parliament" in the given context is:3) A legislative assembly
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Parliament" in the given sentence is:3) A legislative assembly
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable definition of "Economic" from the given options is:5) Of or relating to an economy, the
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Social" in the context of the given sentence is:2) Relating to
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable definition is:2) A special group delegated to consider some matterThis definition accurately describes a committee as a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable definition is:2) A careful study of some social unit (as a corporation or division within a corporation)
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "national" in the given sentence is:3) Of or relating to
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "contains" in the given sentence is:3) Include or contain; have as a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable definition of "present" in the given sentence is:12) Give as a present; make a gift of
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "policies" in this context is:1) A line of argument rationalizing the course
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable definition for "practices" in the given sentence is:4) A customary way of operation or behavior
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition of "improve" is:2) To make betterThis definition accurately conveys the meaning
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition of "training" among the given options is:2) The activities of educating or instructing;
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "development" in the given context is:7) Act of improving by expanding or
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "community" in the given sentence is:2) A group of people living
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "country" in the given sentence is:3) The territory occupied by
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "case study" in the given sentence is:2) A careful study
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable definition is:2) A careful study of some social unit (as a corporation or division within a corporation)
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "analysed" in the given sentence is:4) Consider in detail
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "background" in the given sentence is:8) Information that is essential to
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "impact" in the given sentence is:4) Influencing stronglyThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable definition of "employment" from the given options is:2) The state of being employed or having a job
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "work" among the given options is:7) The principal activity in
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "organisations" in the given sentence is:4) The persons (
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "assessed" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "benefits" in the given sentence is:3) Something that aids or promotes
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable definition for "problems" in the given sentence is:3) A state of difficulty that needs to be resolved
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Visits" in the given sentence is:5) The act of going to see some
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) The questioning of a person (or
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable definition for "national" in the given sentence is:5) Concerned with or applicable to or belonging to
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding a
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable definition for "form" in the given sentence is:6) Create (as an entity)In this sentence
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "basis" in the given sentence is:3) The fundamental assumptions from
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable definition of "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some individual
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition of "overall" in this context is:2) Involving only main featuresThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "practices" in the given sentence is:4) A customary way
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings of some
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "published" in the given sentence is:1) Prepare and issue for public
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:4) A prearranged meeting for consultation or exchange
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "staged" in the given sentence is:1) Plan, organize
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable definition for "Foundation" in the given sentence is:3) An institution supported by an endowmentThis
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "aims" in the given sentence is:3) Intend (something
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable definition of "document" from the given options is:1) Record in detailThe sentence "The Foundation
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "characteristics" in the given sentence is:3) A distinguishing qualityThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable definition of "age" in the context of the sentence is:2) A time of life (usually defined
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the context of the sentence is:3) Any condition that makes it
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "job" in the context of the sentence is:4) The principal activity in your
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "training" in the given sentence is:2) The activities of educating or instruct
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "analyse" in the given sentence is:4) Consider in detail and
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable definition of "causes" from the given options is:4) Any entity that produces an effect or is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable definition of "perspectives" from the given options is:5) A mental position from which things are viewed
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "social" in the given sentence is:2) Relating to human
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable definition of "particular" in the given sentence is:4) Providing specific details or circumstancesIn the
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable definition of "attention" in the given sentence is:4) The process whereby a person concentrates on some features
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The correct answer is:4) Give money, usually in exchange for goods or servicesIn the given sentence, "paid
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "proposals" in the given sentence is:1) Something proposed
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "removing" among the given options is:8) Remove something concrete, as by lifting
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition of "barriers" from the given options is:4) An obstruction that stands in the way
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "assesses" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate the
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "private" in the given sentence is:2) Confined to particular persons
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:3) A social group that forms part of the
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable definition of "barriers" from the given options is:3) Any condition that makes it difficult to make
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "especially" in the given sentence is:2) To a distinctly greater extent or
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "older" in the given sentence is:3) Advanced in years;
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable definition of "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Seeking" in the given sentence is:3) Make an effort
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "early" in the given sentence is:1) At or near the beginning of
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "retirement" in the given sentence is:2) The state of being retired
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable definition of "redundancy" among the given options is:2) (electronics) a system design
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "concerned" in the given sentence is:3) Feeling or
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable definition of "retention" in the given sentence is:3) The power of retaining and recalling past experience
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "older" in the given sentence is:3) Advanced in years; (`aged' is
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition of "workers" in the given sentence is:4) A person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition of "gender" that identifies the meaning of "gender" in the context of the given sentence is
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable definition of "ethnic" from the given options is:2) Denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backgrounds" in the context of the given sentence is:5) A person's social
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable definition of "workers" among the given options is:4) A person who works at a specific occupation
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "relate" in the given sentence is:3) Have or establish a relationship
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" is:2) A time of life (usually defined in
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable definition of "discrimination" among the given options is:2) Unfair treatment of a person or
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "examined" in the given sentence is:4) Consider in detail
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "considers" in the given sentence is:1) Show consideration for; take
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "age" in the given sentence is:2) A time of life
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable definition is:2) Unfair treatment of a person or group on the basis of prejudiceIn this context
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable definition for "small" in the given sentence is:3) Limited in size or scopeThis definition best
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "enterprises" in the given sentence is:6) The members of a
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "member" in the given sentence is:5) An organization that is a member of another
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable definition of "covered" from the given list that fits the context of the sentence is:14) Include in
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "document" in the given sentence is:3) Writing that provides information (
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable definition for the word "public" in the given sentence is:1) Not private; open to or concerning
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Assessment" in the given sentence is:3) An appraisal of
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "Report" in the given sentence is:3) A written document describing the findings
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in this context is:3) Make plain and comprehensibleThis definition
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable definition for the word "Committee" in the given sentence is:2) A special group delegated to consider
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "Products" in the given sentence is:7) Commodities offered for
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable definition of "use" in the given context is:4) What something is used forThis definition accurately
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "assessed" in the given sentence is:3) Evaluate or estimate the
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" among the given options is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable definition is:1) Carry out or perform an actionIn the given sentence, "performed" is
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "reach" in the given sentence is:3) Reach a point in time,
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The correct answer is:1) Something (as a course of action) that is recommended as advisableThe sentence is describing
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable definition for the word "use" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The correct answer is:3) Include or contain; have as a componentThe sentence states that "Cerenia contains
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "active" in the given sentence is:9. Disposed to take action or
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "substance" in the given sentence is:3) Material of a particular
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition of "available" in the given sentence is:1) Obtainable or accessible and ready for use
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the context of the sentence is:3) A small
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "solution" in the given sentence is:2) A homogeneous mixture of two
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:1) The act of
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "tablets" in the given sentence is:2) A slab of stone or wood
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "have" in the given sentence is:7) Have or possess, either in
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "score" in the context of the given sentence is:11) A number that expresses the
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "line" among the provided options is:- 8) A linear
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "sides" in the given sentence is:12) Either the left or right
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	Based on the given sentence, the most suitable definition for "so" is:6) In such a condition or manner,
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable definition of "tablet" in this context is:3) A small flat compressed cake of some substanceIn
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition of "marked" would be:1) Having or as if
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "side" in the given sentence is:7) A surface forming part
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "letters" in the given sentence is:4) The conventional characters of the
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quantity" in this context is:3) How much there is or how many there are
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable definition of "other" in this context is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	The most suitable definition for "side" in the given context is:7) A surface forming part of the outside of an
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable definition for "used" in the context of "What is Cerenia used for?" is:1)
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "means" in the sentence is:8) Plan something for a certain purpose
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable definition of "stops" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-emetic, this
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:3) Take or consume (regularly or habit
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:9) Dogs; wolves;
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable definition of "prevent" in the given sentence is:2) Stop (someone or something) from doing something
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The correct answer is: 2) Give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally.The word "
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "medicines" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine)
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:7) Put into service; make work or employ
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given sentence is:4) Any malignant growth
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable definition for the word "cause" in the given sentence is:2) Give rise to; cause to happen
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable definition for "measures" in the given sentence is:8) Accepted or approved instance or example of a
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The correct answer is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expected.The word "other
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable definition of "special" among the given options is:5) Adapted to or reserved for a particular purpose
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "diet" in the given sentence is:2) The usual food and drink
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) Avail oneself toThis definition implies that
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable definition for the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:1) The act of putting a
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "injection" in the given sentence is:1) The act of
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "followed" among the provided options is:23) Keep toThis definition aligns
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The correct answer is:3) A small flat compressed cake of some substanceIn this context, "tablets" refers
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the context of the sentence is:2) An anticipated outcome that is
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "days" in the given sentence is:9) The recurring hours when
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable definition for "receptor" in this context is:1) A cellular structure that is postulated to exist
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acts" in the context of "which acts in the central nervous system" is:6
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable definition for "studies" among the given options is:8) A branch of knowledgeIn this context
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable definition for "carried out" in this context is:1) Pursue to a conclusion or bring to
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable definition for "laboratory" in this context is:2) A workplace for the conduct of scientific research
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:9) Dogs; wolves;
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable definition for the word "several" in the given sentence is:3) (used with count nouns)
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	Based on the context of the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during the studies?", I would select definition 3
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	Based on the context of the sentence, the most suitable definition for "shown" is:3) Establish the validity of something
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to learning and understanding a
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "results" in the given sentence is:3) A phenomenon that follows
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "studies" in the given sentence is:9) Applying the mind to
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "showed" in the given sentence is:3) Establish the validity
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	The correct definition is:2) Comparative of much; to a greater degree or extentIn the sentence, "more effective
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable definition for the word "effective" in this context is:3) Works well as a means or remedy
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable definition is:2) An innocuous or inert medication; given as a pacifier or to the control group
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable definition for the word "less" in the given sentence is:2) (comparative of `little
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable definition of "seen" in the given sentence is:8) Observe, check out, and look over
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:9) Dogs; wolves;
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given sentence is:6) (medicine) something
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dogs" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable definition of "placebo" among the given options is:2) An innocuous or inert medication; given
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a situation (
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dog" in the given sentence is:2) A member of the
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "started" in the given sentence is:4) Begin an event that
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "injection" in the given sentence is:1) The act of putting a
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable definition of "able" in the given sentence is:4) Having inherent physical or mental ability or capacity
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "tablet" in the given sentence is:3) A small flat compressed cake of
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable definition for "intact" in the given sentence is:3) Constituting the undiminished entirety;
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "tablet" in the given context is:3) A small flat compressed
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable definition for the word "follow-up" in the given sentence is:3) An activity that continues something that
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable definition of "owner" in the context of the sentence is:2) A person who owns somethingThis
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administer" in the given sentence is:4) Give or apply (medications)
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:3) A small flat compressed cake of some substance
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "dog" in the given sentence is:9) Dogs; wolves;
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The correct answer is:4) Except thatThe word "only" in the given sentence is used to indicate that the
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "other" in the given sentence is:3) Very unusual; different
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "measure" in the context of the given sentence is:3) A basis for
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The correct definition is:3) Very unusual; different in character or quality from the normal or expectedIn this context,
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "addressing" in the given sentence is:7) Address or apply oneself to something,
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "underlying" in the given sentence is:1) In the nature
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "causes" in the given sentence is:4) Any entity that produces
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "risk" in the context of the sentence "What is the risk associated with
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the given context is:3) Usually; as a ruleThis
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:4) To a suitable or appropriate extent or degree
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "tolerated" in the given context is:5) Have a tolerance for a poison
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable definition for "administered" in the given sentence is:4) Give or apply (medications)
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "daily" in this context is:1) Every day; without missing a day.This
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dosages" in this context is:2) The quantity of an active agent (sub
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "doses" in the given sentence is:5) The quantity of
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "extended" in the given sentence is:5) Relatively long in
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "duration" in the given sentence is:3) The period of time
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) Care provided to improve a
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "precautions" in the given context is:2) A precautionary measure warding
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable definition of "person" in this context is:4) A human beingThis definition is the most suitable
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gives" among the given options is:12) Organize or be responsible for
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "medicine" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (medicine)
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable definition of "contact" in the given context is:6. The act of touching physicallyThis definition is
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "represent" in the given sentence is:6) Be a delegate or
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "particular" in the context of the sentence is:3) Unique
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "risk" in the given sentence is:4) A source of danger
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable definition that identifies the meaning of "people" in the given sentence is:3) (plural) any group
