senseval2.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "art" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a superior skill
senseval2.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peculiar" in the context of the given sentence is:1) beyond
senseval2.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the people of
senseval2.d000.s000.t004	In the given sentence, "most" is used to describe "English peculiarities." Here, "English" refers to people
senseval2.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or
senseval2.d000.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peculiarities" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d000.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unintelligible" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval2.d000.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the context of the sentence "The art of change-ringing is peculiar
senseval2.d000.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the context of the given sentence is:8) all of the
senseval2.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scenes" in the given sentence is:9) the context and environment in
senseval2.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evoke" in the context of the given sentence is:5) call to
senseval2.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loveliest" in the given sentence is:1) appealing to the
senseval2.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ancient" in the given sentence is:2) very oldWh
senseval2.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stone" in the context of the given sentence is:2) building material consisting
senseval2.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stands" in the context of the sentence "An ancient stone church stands amid the fields
senseval2.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level open land
senseval2.d000.s003.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the particular aud
senseval2.d000.s003.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the sentence is:1) a hollow
senseval2.d000.s003.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cascading" in the context of the given sentence is:1) r
senseval2.d000.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a structure
senseval2.d000.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calling" in the context of the sentence is:23) order or
senseval2.d000.s003.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faithful" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
senseval2.d000.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evensong" in the given sentence is:2) (Anglican
senseval2.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stop" in the context of the sentence "The parishioners of St. Michael and
senseval2.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "door" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding
senseval2.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the context of the given sentence is:1) one of the
senseval2.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "always" in the context of the sentence "The parishioners of St. Michael and
senseval2.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given context is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval2.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pull" in the context of the given sentence is:9) cause to move
senseval2.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:1) a strong line
senseval2.d000.s005.t007	In the context of the given sentence, "same" refers to the five bells that have been in use since 1
senseval2.d000.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:2) the initial timeIn
senseval2.d000.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounded" in the given sentence is:4) announce by means of
senseval2.d000.s005.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discordant" in the given sentence is:1) not in agreement or
senseval2.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "note" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a notation representing
senseval2.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enjoying" in the context of the given sentence is:1) derive
senseval2.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a h
senseval2.d000.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cool" in the context of the given sentence is:1) neither warm
senseval2.d000.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sets" in the given context is:1) a group of things of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the sentence is:1) a hollow
senseval2.d000.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:3) at a previous time
senseval2.d000.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s007.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) first day of the
senseval2.d000.s007.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morning" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the time
senseval2.d000.s007.t013	In the context of the given sentence, "evening" refers to the time period after the afternoon and before nightfall.
senseval2.d000.s007.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act of
senseval2.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given context is:1) and nothing moreIn
senseval2.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the given sentence is:3) a contestant entered in
senseval2.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in the context of the sentence "Now, only one local ringer remains
senseval2.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given sentence, "The others here today live elsewhere," is:
senseval2.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present
senseval2.d000.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the context of the sentence "The others here today live elsewhere" is:
senseval2.d000.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the given sentence is:1) any number of entities (members
senseval2.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "including" in the given context is:3) add as part of something else
senseval2.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the given sentence is:1) activity leading to skilled behavior
senseval2.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drive" in the context of the given sentence is:2) travel or be
senseval2.d000.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sunday" in the given sentence is:1) first day of the
senseval2.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effort" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and conscientious
senseval2.d000.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keep" in the context of the given sentence is:2) continue a certain
senseval2.d000.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounding" in the context of the given sentence is:2) make a
senseval2.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:4) to the full extent
senseval2.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:5) employment in or work for
senseval2.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrape" in the context of the given sentence is:3) cut
senseval2.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:8) utter aloud
senseval2.d000.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worker" in the given context is:1) a person who works at a
senseval2.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make an
senseval2.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "train" in the context of the given sentence is:3) develop (children
senseval2.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discos" in the given context is:2) a public dance hall for
senseval2.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dances" in the context of the given sentence is:3) taking a
senseval2.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the context of the given sentence is:1) and nothing more
senseval2.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drift" in the context of the given sentence is:2) wander
senseval2.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "away" in the context of the given sentence is:10) in a
senseval2.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worries" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) be wor
senseval2.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "youth" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the time
senseval2.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ranks" in the context of the given sentence is:5) the body
senseval2.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any number of
senseval2.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keeps" in the context of the sentence "Mr. Hammond worries that old
senseval2.d000.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the sentence is:1) a hollow
senseval2.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "History" in the given sentence is:3) the discipline that records and interpre
senseval2.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the context of the sentence "History, after all, is not on his
senseval2.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survey" in the given sentence is:2) short descriptive summary (
senseval2.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence is:16) make a
senseval2.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a h
senseval2.d000.s015.t009	In the given sentence, "no" is used to emphasize the absence or lack of something, specifically the absence of people
senseval2.d000.s015.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rung" in the context of the given sentence is:3) make (
senseval2.d000.s015.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sundays" in the given sentence is:1) first day of the
senseval2.d000.s015.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ring" in the context of the given sentence is:3) make (b
senseval2.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the context of the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient
senseval2.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "It is easy to see why the ancient art
senseval2.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ancient" in the given sentence is:1) belonging to times long past
senseval2.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "art" in the given sentence is:1) the products of human creativity
senseval2.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the comparative
senseval2.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "version" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something a little
senseval2.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "playing" in the context of the given sentence is:7) perform music
senseval2.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tunes" in the given sentence is:1) a succession of notes forming
senseval2.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a per
senseval2.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continental" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of or
senseval2.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "Europe" in the given sentence is:3) the
senseval2.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considered" in the context of the given sentence is:6) judge
senseval2.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the people of
senseval2.d000.s017.t012	In the given sentence, "fit" is used to describe something that is considered appropriate or suitable for a particular purpose or context
senseval2.d000.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:5) except that
senseval2.d000.s017.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "foreigners" in the given context is:1) a person who comes
senseval2.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given sentence is:2) the people of England
senseval2.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invented" in the given sentence is:1) come up with (
senseval2.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "requires" in the given sentence is:4) have need of
senseval2.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "physical" in the context of the given sentence is:1) involving the
senseval2.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the sentence is:1) a hollow
senseval2.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weigh" in the context of the sentence "some bells weigh more than a
senseval2.d000.s018.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intense" in the context of the given sentence is:1) possessing
senseval2.d000.s018.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mental" in the context of the given sentence is:1) involving the
senseval2.d000.s018.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentration" in the context of the given sentence is:5)
senseval2.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to or
senseval2.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rounds" in the context of the given sentence is:11) a
senseval2.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "highest-pitched" in the given context is:1) used
senseval2.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a hollow
senseval2.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lowest" in the context of the sentence, which refers to the pitch of the b
senseval2.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:1) having few parts
senseval2.d000.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scale" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (music)
senseval2.d000.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the given sentence is:1) put into service
senseval2.d000.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s019.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (
senseval2.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signal" in the given sentence is:1) any nonverbal action or
senseval2.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:8) begin an event that is imp
senseval2.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "varying" in the context of the given sentence is:3) be
senseval2.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "order" in the context of the given sentence is:4) logical or compreh
senseval2.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a h
senseval2.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the context of the given sentence is:2) make a certain
senseval2.d000.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altering" in the context of the given sentence is:3) make an
senseval2.d000.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steady" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not
senseval2.d000.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rhythm" in the context of the given sentence is:2) recurr
senseval2.d000.s020.t011	In the given sentence, "striking" refers to the act of the bells making contact or producing sound when they
senseval2.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variation" in the context of the given sentence is:11) the
senseval2.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occur" in the context of the given sentence is:1) come to
senseval2.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:1) and nothing more
senseval2.d000.s021.t004	In the given sentence, "Each variation, or change, can occur only once," the term "once" refers to the
senseval2.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or
senseval2.d000.s021.t006	In the given sentence, "Each variation, or change, can occur only once, the rules state," the word "state
senseval2.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "methods" in the given sentence is:1) a way of doing something,
senseval2.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "names" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a language unit
senseval2.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "series" in the given sentence is:1) similar things placed in order or
senseval2.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes" in the context of the sentence "A series of 5,00
senseval2.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d000.s023.t005	In the given sentence, "hours" refers to a duration of time, specifically the time it takes for a series of
senseval2.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the given sentence is:2) the act of directing the
senseval2.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:7) the time between sunset and
senseval2.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practice" in the given sentence is:5) knowledge of how something
senseval2.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gives" in the context of the sentence "A look at a Thursday night
senseval2.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the content of
senseval2.d000.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing
senseval2.d000.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) connected
senseval2.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stand" in the given sentence is:1) be standing; be upr
senseval2.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circle" in the given sentence is:3) something approximating the shape of
senseval2.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "foot" in the given context is:1) the part of the leg of
senseval2.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ahead" in the context of the given sentence is:1) at or
senseval2.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stance" in the given sentence is:1) standing posture
senseval2.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pulling" in the context of the given sentence is:9) cause to
senseval2.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rope" in the given sentence is:1) a strong line
senseval2.d000.s025.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) limited in size
senseval2.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hole" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an opening into
senseval2.d000.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (literal
senseval2.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the overhead
senseval2.d000.s025.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval2.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaks" in the context of the given sentence is:2) exchange thoughts
senseval2.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ropes" in the given sentence is:1) a strong line
senseval2.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the context of the given sentence is:2) seem to
senseval2.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "No one speaks, and the snaking
senseval2.d000.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the particular aud
senseval2.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a h
senseval2.d000.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muffled" in the given sentence is:2) deaden (a
senseval2.d000.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ceiling" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the overhead
senseval2.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "absorbed" in the given sentence is:1) giving or marked by
senseval2.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stare" in the given sentence is:1) look at with fixed eyes
senseval2.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "straight" in the given sentence is:3) in a straight line;
senseval2.d000.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ahead" in the context of the given sentence is:3) in a
senseval2.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:5) avail oneself to
senseval2.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "call" in the context of the sentence is:23) order or request
senseval2.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watch" in the context of the given sentence is:4) observe with attention
senseval2.d000.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d000.s027.t011	In the given sentence, "ropes" refers to a strong line used by the ringers to time their pulls.
senseval2.d000.s027.t012	In this context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "thus" is:1) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d000.s027.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:3) set the speed, duration,
senseval2.d000.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pulls" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act
senseval2.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Far" in the given sentence is:2) at or to or from
senseval2.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in the given sentence is:2) in or to a place that
senseval2.d000.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bronze" in the given sentence is:2) made from or consisting
senseval2.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a per
senseval2.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mounted" in the context of the sentence "Far above in the belfry
senseval2.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wheels" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval2.d000.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) change direction with
senseval2.d000.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "madly" in the given context is:1) in an uncontrolled
senseval2.d000.s028.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the context of the given sentence is:2) constituting
senseval2.d000.s028.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degrees" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a
senseval2.d000.s028.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "starting" in the context of the given sentence is:9) begin or
senseval2.d000.s028.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ending" in the context of the given sentence is:3) be the end
senseval2.d000.s028.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inverted" in the context of the given sentence is:1) being
senseval2.d000.s028.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "position" in the context of the given sentence is:7) the spatial property
senseval2.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
senseval2.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retard" in the context of the given sentence is:4) lose velocity
senseval2.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the given sentence is:4) changing location by moving back and
senseval2.d000.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:2) in a manner that facilit
senseval2.d000.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made of
senseval2.d000.s029.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swap" in the given sentence is:1) exchange or give (something)
senseval2.d000.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "places" in the context of the given sentence is:13) proper
senseval2.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well-known" in the context of the given sentence is:1) widely
senseval2.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the context of the given sentence is:3) have
senseval2.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) a h
senseval2.d000.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "English" in the given context is:1) of or relating to or
senseval2.d000.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given context is:1) give a description of
senseval2.d000.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passion" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a strong
senseval2.d000.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) establish after
senseval2.d000.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "satisfaction" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the
senseval2.d000.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the context of the given sentence is:5) character
senseval2.d000.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completeness" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the
senseval2.d000.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mechanical" in the context of the given sentence is:3) rel
senseval2.d000.s030.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perfection" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the state
senseval2.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "added" in the given sentence is:2) state or say further
senseval2.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filled" in the given context is:1) (usually followed by `
senseval2.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solemn" in the given sentence is:1) dignified and somber
senseval2.d000.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comes" in the context of the given sentence is:3) come to pass
senseval2.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:1) any customary observance
senseval2.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) carry out
senseval2.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the given sentence is:1) enter or assume a certain
senseval2.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obsession" in the given sentence is:2) an unhealthy
senseval2.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "admits" in the context of the sentence is:1) declare to
senseval2.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "master" in the context of the sentence is:9) an authority qualified to
senseval2.d000.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given context is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d000.s032.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "female" in the context of the sentence is:2) characteristic of
senseval2.d000.s032.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passion" in the given sentence is:1) a strong feeling or em
senseval2.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stays" in the context of the given sentence is:4) continue in
senseval2.d000.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "More" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d000.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the given sentence is:3) in many cases or instances
senseval2.d000.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think of" in the context of the given sentence is:2) take
senseval2.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the lower side
senseval2.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "completed" in the context of the given sentence is:3) complete or
senseval2.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worked up" in the context of the given sentence is:2) develop
senseval2.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sweat" in the context of the given sentence is:4) use
senseval2.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:3) in many
senseval2.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skip" in the context of the given sentence is:4) leave suddenly
senseval2.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval2.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leaving" in the context of the given sentence is:8) remove ones
senseval2.d000.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worship" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the activity
senseval2.d000.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "below" in the context of the given sentence is:1) in or to
senseval2.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:6) favorably; with approval
senseval2.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "membership" in the given sentence is:1) the body of members
senseval2.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steadily" in the given sentence is:1) at a steady rate
senseval2.d000.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicars" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressing" in the context of the given sentence is:9) exert
senseval2.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equally" in the context of the given sentence is:1) to the
senseval2.d000.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:3) in many
senseval2.d000.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s037.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attend" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be present at
senseval2.d000.s037.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "services" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act of
senseval2.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given context is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s038.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence is:20) receive as a
senseval2.d000.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:7) (usually followed by `
senseval2.d000.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attend" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be present at
senseval2.d000.s038.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given context is:3) the act of public worship following
senseval2.d000.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sacked" in the given context is:2) terminate the employment
senseval2.d000.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entire" in the context of the sentence is:1) constituting
senseval2.d000.s038.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s038.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promptly" in the given context is:1) with little or no
senseval2.d000.s038.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "protest" in the given context is:2) the act of protesting
senseval2.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "club" in the given sentence is:2) a formal association of people with
senseval2.d000.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the given context is:8) regard or consider in a
senseval2.d000.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tower" in the given sentence is:1) a structure taller than
senseval2.d000.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given context is:1) a category of things distinguished by
senseval2.d000.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "separate" in the given context is:2) standing apart; not attached
senseval2.d000.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d000.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present
senseval2.d000.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval2.d000.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congregation" in the given sentence is:1) a group of people
senseval2.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "still" in the given sentence is:2) despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ring" in the given sentence is:3) make (bells) ring
senseval2.d000.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the sentence is:1) a hollow
senseval2.d000.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "silent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) marked by
senseval2.d000.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "following" in the context of the given sentence is:6) come after
senseval2.d000.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "refuses" in the context of the sentence "The vicar, W.D.
senseval2.d000.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talk about" in the given sentence is:2) discuss or mention
senseval2.d000.s043.t003	In the given sentence, "The vicar, W.D. Jones, refuses to talk about it, saying it
senseval2.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feels" in the given context is:4) be conscious of a physical
senseval2.d000.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fault" in the given sentence is:2) an imperfection in an object
senseval2.d000.s044.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:2) nearest in space or position;
senseval2.d000.s044.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altar" in the given sentence is:1) the table in Christian churches
senseval2.d000.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "So" in the given context is:7) (usually followed by `
senseval2.d000.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "here" in the given context is:3) to this place (especially
senseval2.d000.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the given sentence is:1) move toward,
senseval2.d000.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "above" in the given context is:2) in or to a place that
senseval2.d000.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the sentence is:16) perform or carry
senseval2.d000.s045.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "very" in the given context is:1) used as intens
senseval2.d000.s045.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exit" in the given context is:3) the act of going out
senseval2.d000.s045.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congregation" in the given context is:1) a group of people
senseval2.d000.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prayer" in the given context is:1) the act of communic
senseval2.d000.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "admits" in the context of the sentence "Vicar Marshall admits to
senseval2.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mixed" in the given sentence is:1) consisting of a haph
senseval2.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feelings" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the
senseval2.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) some situation or
senseval2.d000.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given sentence is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the sentence is:4) taking part in an
senseval2.d000.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell-ringer" in the context of the sentence is:1) a
senseval2.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the given sentence is:1) the particular auditory effect produced
senseval2.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the given sentence is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draw" in the context of the given sentence is:16) bring or
senseval2.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d000.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s047.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the context of the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers themselves
senseval2.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:2) the general feeling that
senseval2.d000.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drawn" in the context of the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers
senseval2.d000.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fuller" in the context of the sentence "I live in hopes that the ringers
senseval2.d000.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive;
senseval2.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by
senseval2.d000.s049.t001	In the context of the given sentence, "parliament" refers to a gathering or assembly of individuals with a common purpose
senseval2.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) any number of
senseval2.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) intend (
senseval2.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improve" in the context of the given sentence is:1) to
senseval2.d000.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicars" in the given context is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the officer
senseval2.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in the given context is:2) be optimistic;
senseval2.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speak" in the context of the given sentence is:2) exchange thoughts
senseval2.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d000.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colleges" in the given sentence is:2) an institution of higher
senseval2.d000.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "joys" in the given context is:1) the emotion of great
senseval2.d000.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell ringing" in the given context is:1) the sound of someone
senseval2.d000.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shortly" in the given context is:2) in the near future
senseval2.d000.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publish" in the context of the given sentence is:2) prepare and issue
senseval2.d000.s050.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vicar" in the given context is:3) (Church of England
senseval2.d000.s050.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d000.s050.t012	In the given sentence, "entitled" refers to the act of giving someone the right or privilege to possess or use
senseval2.d000.s050.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bells" in the given context is:1) a hollow device made
senseval2.d000.s050.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Care" in the context of the sentence "The Bells in Your Care" is
senseval2.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recognize" in the given sentence is:2) be fully aware or cogn
senseval2.d000.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "no" in the given context is:3) used to express refusal
senseval2.d000.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) standing above others
senseval2.d000.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order of
senseval2.d000.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "church" in the given sentence is:2) a place for public (
senseval2.d000.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:3) the course of existence of an
senseval2.d000.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:2) the content of direct
senseval2.d000.s052.t002	In the context of the sentence "Mr. Baldwin is also attacking the greater problem: lack of ringers," the
senseval2.d000.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs
senseval2.d000.s052.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person
senseval2.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survey" in the given sentence is:1) a detailed critical inspection
senseval2.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bellringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings
senseval2.d000.s053.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval2.d000.s053.t006	In the given sentence, "only" is used to specify the number of trained bellringers in England who still ring,
senseval2.d000.s053.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "still" in the given sentence is:1) with reference to action or
senseval2.d000.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "always" in the context of the given sentence is:4) at any time
senseval2.d000.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the context of the sentence "Also, ringers do not always live where
senseval2.d000.s054.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bells" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a h
senseval2.d000.s054.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the context of the given sentence is:1) require as useful
senseval2.d000.s054.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rung" in the context of the given sentence is:3) make (
senseval2.d000.s054.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the context of the sentence "Also, ringers do not always live where
senseval2.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "council" in the given sentence is:1) a body serving in
senseval2.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:1) a series of steps to be
senseval2.d000.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attract" in the context of the sentence "But the council's program to attract
senseval2.d000.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "train" in the context of the sentence "But the council's program to attract and
senseval2.d000.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person
senseval2.d000.s055.t005	In the given sentence, "only" is used to indicate that the council's program to attract and train ringers has
senseval2.d000.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the given sentence is:4) toward or on the right;
senseval2.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d000.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lucky" in the given sentence is:2) having or bringing good fortune
senseval2.d000.s056.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s056.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d000.s056.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the given context is:3) a contestant entered in
senseval2.d000.s056.t007	In the given sentence, "adds" is used to introduce additional information or further detail to what has been previously stated.
senseval2.d000.s057.t000	In the context of the given sentence, "bright" is used metaphorically to describe a positive change or development
senseval2.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sign" in the given sentence is:1) a perceptible indication
senseval2.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the property possessed
senseval2.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entered" in the context of the given sentence is:2) become a
senseval2.d000.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:3) at a previous time
senseval2.d000.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "field" in the given context is:13) all of the competitors
senseval2.d000.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "third" in the given context is:1) one of three equal parts of
senseval2.d000.s057.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s057.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or age
senseval2.d000.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accepted" in the context of the given sentence is:3) give an
senseval2.d000.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "however" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary
senseval2.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bell-ringing" in the given context is:3) playing a set
senseval2.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any number of
senseval2.d000.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval2.d000.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "founded" in the given context is:1) set up or founded
senseval2.d000.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remains" in the given context is:1) stay the same; remain
senseval2.d000.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d000.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particularly" in the given context is:1) to a distinctly
senseval2.d000.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given context is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any number of
senseval2.d000.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given context is:1) used to form the superl
senseval2.d000.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "churches" in the given context is:2) a place for public
senseval2.d000.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) record in
senseval2.d000.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the given context is:2) a comprehensive term for any
senseval2.d000.s060.t005	In the given sentence, "extent" refers to the scope or magnitude of the problem that surfaced in a series
senseval2.d000.s060.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs
senseval2.d000.s060.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surfaced" in the given context is:3) appear or become visible
senseval2.d000.s060.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "summer" in the given context is:1) the warmest season of
senseval2.d000.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "series" in the context of the given sentence is:1) similar things placed
senseval2.d000.s060.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letters" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a written
senseval2.d000.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "newspaper" in the given context is:1) a daily or week
senseval2.d000.s060.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringers" in the given context is:1) a person who rings church
senseval2.d000.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "writer" in the given context is:1) writes (books or stories or
senseval2.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) mark with
senseval2.d000.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letter" in the given context is:1) a written message addressed to a
senseval2.d000.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "male" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a person who
senseval2.d000.s061.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remarked" in the given context is:2) make or write a comment
senseval2.d000.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frequency" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the number
senseval2.d000.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given context is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggested" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make
senseval2.d000.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "back" in the context of the given sentence is:3) in or to
senseval2.d000.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "traditional" in the context of the given sentence is:1) consisting of
senseval2.d000.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:4) normal or customary activity of
senseval2.d000.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the sentence is:16) perform or carry
senseval2.d000.s061.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tea" in the context of the sentence is:2) a light m
senseval2.d000.s061.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meetings" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the
senseval2.d000.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "torrent" in the given context is:3) an overwhelming
senseval2.d000.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replies" in the given context is:2) the speech act of continu
senseval2.d000.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "followed" in the context of the given sentence is:6) come after
senseval2.d000.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given context is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a person
senseval2.d000.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "observed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) discover
senseval2.d000.s062.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the context of the given sentence is:5) relating
senseval2.d000.s062.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "male" in the context of the given sentence is:2) characteristic of a
senseval2.d000.s062.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ringer" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a person
senseval2.d000.s062.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "badly" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (`ill
senseval2.d000.s062.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dressed" in the context of the sentence is:4) dressed in
senseval2.d000.s062.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the context of the sentence is:1) above average in size
senseval2.d000.s062.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unwashed" in the given context is:2) not cleaned with
senseval2.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d000.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wrote" in the given sentence is:2) communicate or express by writing
senseval2.d000.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given context is:1) express in wordsIn
senseval2.d000.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d000.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "never" in the given sentence is:1) not ever; at no
senseval2.d000.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "known" in the context of the sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d000.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lady" in the given context is:1) a polite name for
senseval2.d000.s063.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "belfry" in the given sentence is:2) a room (o
senseval2.d000.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence "I have seen one or two men die,
senseval2.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval2.d000.s064.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "die" in the context of the given sentence is:1) pass from physical
senseval2.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Medical" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the study
senseval2.d001.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "starting" in the context of the given sentence is:9) begin or
senseval2.d001.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "handful" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a small
senseval2.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the given sentence is:1) harmed
senseval2.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unleash" in the context of the given sentence is:1) release
senseval2.d001.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chaotic" in the context of the given sentence is:2) completely un
senseval2.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (
senseval2.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "characterizes" in the given sentence is:2) be characteristic of
senseval2.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given sentence is:1) express in wordsIn
senseval2.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given sentence is:2) of the immediate past or
senseval2.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions
senseval2.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develops" in the context of the sentence about cancer is:10)
senseval2.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understanding" in the given sentence is:1) the cognitive condition of
senseval2.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expected" in the given sentence is:3) look forward to the probable occurrence
senseval2.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produce" in the context of the given sentence is:1) bring forth
senseval2.d001.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "array" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an orderly
senseval2.d001.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategies" in the given sentence is:1) an elaborate and system
senseval2.d001.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the given sentence is:1) yet to be or coming
senseval2.d001.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) care
senseval2.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the context of the sentence "That is for the future" is:
senseval2.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developing" in the context of the sentence is:10) grow,
senseval2.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the context of the given sentence is:1) use as a
senseval2.d001.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the context of the sentence is:5) identify as in
senseval2.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the given sentence is:1) preceding all others
senseval2.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval2.d001.s004.t011	In this context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "otherwise" is:1) in other respects or
senseval2.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) having
senseval2.d001.s004.t013	In the given sentence, the term "individual" refers to a single human being who is otherwise healthy but may have
senseval2.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the context of the given sentence is:1) has a good
senseval2.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence "Already, scientists are developing tests based
senseval2.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the given sentence is:1) a group of things of the
senseval2.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) something that is discovered
senseval2.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:8) make a discovery,
senseval2.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Only" in the given sentence is:7) as recently asThis
senseval2.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 1
senseval2.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogn
senseval2.d001.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "molecular" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or
senseval2.d001.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:3) a specific identifiable position in
senseval2.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:1) the present time or
senseval2.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accumulation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
senseval2.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "altered" in the given sentence is:1) changed in form or character
senseval2.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "initiate" in the context of the given sentence is:5) set in
senseval2.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (
senseval2.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "propel" in the context of the given sentence is:1) cause to
senseval2.d001.s007.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deadly" in the context of the given sentence is:1) causing
senseval2.d001.s007.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the way something
senseval2.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "call" in the context of the sentence "Scientists call the new class of gen
senseval2.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "class" in the context of the sentence "Scientists call the new class of gen
senseval2.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simply" in the context of the sentence "Scientists call the new class of
senseval2.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functioning" in the given sentence is:1) perform as expected when applied
senseval2.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins
senseval2.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the context of the sentence "When functioning normally, they make proteins
senseval2.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (
senseval2.d001.s010.t001	In the given sentence, "damaged" refers to the state of the genes having suffered harm or being susceptible
senseval2.d001.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "radiation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) energy that
senseval2.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:13) cause to
senseval2.d001.s010.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the context of the given sentence is:16) cause to
senseval2.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identified" in the given context is:5) identify as in botany
senseval2.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differ" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be different
senseval2.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (biology
senseval2.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovered" in the context of the given sentence is:1) discover
senseval2.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) at or
senseval2.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the given sentence is:1) assign a specified (usually
senseval2.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "present" in the context of the given sentence is:1) temporal sense;
senseval2.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the context of the given sentence is:1) enter or
senseval2.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:2) discover or determine the
senseval2.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) conforming with
senseval2.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d001.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggesting" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval2.d001.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cause" in the context of the given sentence is:1) give rise
senseval2.d001.s012.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given context is:2) of the immediate past or
senseval2.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions
senseval2.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the given sentence is:3) come to pass
senseval2.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the context of the given sentence is:1) accept as
senseval2.d001.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s013.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the context of the sentence is:16) cause to change
senseval2.d001.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s013.t015	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "only" would be:2) without
senseval2.d001.s013.t017	In the given sentence, "damaged" refers to the state of the tumor-suppressor gene having been comprom
senseval2.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the sentence "Like all genes, tumor
senseval2.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a thing
senseval2.d001.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given context is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be similar
senseval2.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the given sentence is:3) make or cause
senseval2.d001.s015.t003	In the given sentence, "needed" refers to the requirement for something to be useful, just, or proper in order
senseval2.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "control" in the context of the given sentence is:1) exercise authoritative
senseval2.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (
senseval2.d001.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arise" in the context of the given sentence is:2) originate
senseval2.d001.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given sentence is:2) a thing made to be
senseval2.d001.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impaired" in the context of the given sentence is:1) dimin
senseval2.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the given sentence is:1) a human beingIn
senseval2.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "born" in the given sentence is:13) be pregnant with
senseval2.d001.s016.t003	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" is:2) a thing
senseval2.d001.s016.t005	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" is:2) a thing
senseval2.d001.s016.t006	In the given sentence, "damaged" refers to the state of the suppressor gene being altered or impaired
senseval2.d001.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the context of the given sentence is:1) during an
senseval2.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:5) the period during which something is
senseval2.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater
senseval2.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t012	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "only" is:5) except that
senseval2.d001.s016.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lose" in the context of the given sentence is:1) fail to keep
senseval2.d001.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s016.t015	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" is:2) a thing
senseval2.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s016.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the given sentence is:10) grow,
senseval2.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Emerging" in the context of the given sentence is:2) coming
senseval2.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `
senseval2.d001.s017.t006	In the given sentence, "individuals" refers to human beings who are susceptible to cancer. Therefore,
senseval2.d001.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the context of the sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval2.d001.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not of long
senseval2.d001.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an era of
senseval2.d001.s017.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the given sentence is:1) preceding all others in time or
senseval2.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beneficiaries" in the given sentence is:1) the recipient
senseval2.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:3) something that is found
senseval2.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" in the given sentence is:1) a pair who associate with
senseval2.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogn
senseval2.d001.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given context is:1) used as an intensive especially
senseval2.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time; previously
senseval2.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:1) enter or assume a certain
senseval2.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pregnant" in the given sentence is:1) carrying developing offspring
senseval2.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "child" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chance" in the given context is:4) a measure of how likely
senseval2.d001.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given context is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occurs" in the given sentence is:1) come to pass
senseval2.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given context is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s019.t014	In the given sentence, "once" is used to describe the frequency of an event (eye cancer occurring) in
senseval2.d001.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "births" in the given sentence is:5) a baby born;
senseval2.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) be cogn
senseval2.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carried" in the context of the sentence is:18) have as
senseval2.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given context is:1) harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the context of the sentence is:1) fail to keep or
senseval2.d001.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s020.t008	In the given sentence, "only" is used to emphasize the young age at which Mr. Quinlan experienced a
senseval2.d001.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mother" in the given context is:1) a woman who has given
senseval2.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suffered" in the context of the sentence is:10) under
senseval2.d001.s020.t011	In the given sentence, "same" is used to describe a situation where Mr. Quinlan's mother experienced a
senseval2.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fate" in the given context is:1) an event (or a
senseval2.d001.s020.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baby" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a very
senseval2.d001.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "isolation" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
senseval2.d001.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:1) enter or assume a certain
senseval2.d001.s021.t004	In the given sentence, "possible" is used to describe the situation where it became feasible or achievable to discover what
senseval2.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the given sentence is:2) coming after all
senseval2.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find out" in the given sentence is:3) find out, learn,
senseval2.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "threat" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something
senseval2.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baby" in the given sentence is:2) the youngest member of
senseval2.d001.s021.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faced" in the context of the given sentence is:1) deal with
senseval2.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the given sentence is:1) put into service
senseval2.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given context is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:3) provide evidence for
senseval2.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the sentence "A test using new `` genetic prob
senseval2.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the given sentence is:3) receive
senseval2.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence is:1) harmed or
senseval2.d001.s022.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faced" in the context of the given sentence is:1) deal with
senseval2.d001.s022.t012	In the given sentence, "more" is used in the context of risk, which is an abstract concept rather than a count
senseval2.d001.s022.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "risk" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a source
senseval2.d001.s022.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s022.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d001.s022.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developing" in the context of the sentence is:10) grow,
senseval2.d001.s022.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "It made our New Year," as said by
senseval2.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the sentence "This test was the first to predict reliably
senseval2.d001.s024.t004	In the given sentence, "This test was the first to predict reliably whether an individual could expect to develop cancer," the
senseval2.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the context of the given sentence is:3) look forward to
senseval2.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "This test was the first to predict reliably
senseval2.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Equally" in the given sentence is:1) to the same degree (
senseval2.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of great significance
senseval2.d001.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d001.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "controls" in the context of the sentence is:3) handle and cause to
senseval2.d001.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the context of the sentence is:2) (biology)
senseval2.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence is:6) (path
senseval2.d001.s025.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence is:3) make or cause to
senseval2.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the context of the sentence is:1) a licensed
senseval2.d001.s025.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "named" in the context of the sentence is:1) assign a specified (
senseval2.d001.s025.t012	In the context of the sentence, "Equally important, the initial discovery of the gene that controls retinal cell growth,
senseval2.d001.s025.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s025.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of the
senseval2.d001.s025.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions
senseval2.d001.s025.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploded" in the context of the sentence is:10) increase rapidly
senseval2.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given sentence is:1) be shown or be
senseval2.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studying" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and subject
senseval2.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tragic" in the given sentence is:1) very sad; especially
senseval2.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncommon" in the given context is:1) not common or ordinarily
senseval2.d001.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the given sentence is:3) make or cause
senseval2.d001.s026.t006	In the given sentence, "It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights
senseval2.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fundamental" in the given context is:2) being or involving basic facts
senseval2.d001.s026.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "insights" in the given context is:3) the clear (and often
senseval2.d001.s026.t009	In the context of the given sentence, "basic" refers to the fundamental insights about the most essential aspects of cancer.
senseval2.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s026.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s026.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "director" in the given context is:2) member of a board of
senseval2.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given sentence is:1) people in general considered as a
senseval2.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advances" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a change
senseval2.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) care
senseval2.d001.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basic" in the context of the given sentence is:3) serving as a
senseval2.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the context of the given sentence is:2) have a beginning
senseval2.d001.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showing" in the context of the sentence is:8) be or become
senseval2.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
senseval2.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "there" in the given sentence is:1) in or at that place
senseval2.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "Dr. Dryja made his retin
senseval2.d001.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the sentence "Dr. Dryja made his
senseval2.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (
senseval2.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the sentence "Then last spring" is:1
senseval2.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spring" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the season of
senseval2.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result
senseval2.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the context of the sentence is:8) make a discovery
senseval2.d001.s030.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the context of the sentence is:1) assign a specified (
senseval2.d001.s030.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impaired" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make
senseval2.d001.s030.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns" in the context of the sentence is:16) cause to
senseval2.d001.s030.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the context of the sentence is:1) having or
senseval2.d001.s030.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the large int
senseval2.d001.s030.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s030.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d001.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the find
senseval2.d001.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teams" in the given context is:1) a cooperative unit
senseval2.d001.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:2) an indication that makes
senseval2.d001.s031.t006	In the given sentence, "same" refers to the damaged p53 gene being present in both lung and breast can
senseval2.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the given sentence is:1) harmed or injured or
senseval2.d001.s031.t009	In the given sentence, "present" is used to describe the existence or occurrence of the damaged p53 gene in
senseval2.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism
senseval2.d001.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the superl
senseval2.d001.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the context of the sentence is:4) commonly encountered
senseval2.d001.s032.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forms" in the given context is:2) a category of things distinguished by
senseval2.d001.s032.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killing" in the context of the given sentence is:10) cause
senseval2.d001.s032.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Americans" in the given sentence is:1) a native or inhabit
senseval2.d001.s032.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the given context is:2) immediatelyIn this context
senseval2.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laboratories" in the given sentence is:1) a workplace
senseval2.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing
senseval2.d001.s033.t008	In the given sentence, "racing" is used metaphorically to describe the efforts of laboratories to un
senseval2.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given sentence is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the given sentence is:9) state as one
senseval2.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alone" in the context of the given sentence is:1) without any others
senseval2.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "combination" in the context of the given sentence is:7) the
senseval2.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the given context is:4) seem to be true,
senseval2.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crucial" in the context of the given sentence is:3) of
senseval2.d001.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (biology
senseval2.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scourges" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
senseval2.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the context of the given sentence is:1) that part
senseval2.d001.s035.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skin" in the context of the sentence is:1) a natural protect
senseval2.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cervix" in the given context is:2) necklike opening to
senseval2.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief or
senseval2.d001.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherit" in the context of the given sentence is:3) receive by
senseval2.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "versions" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something a little
senseval2.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater
senseval2.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explaining" in the context of the given sentence is:3) serve
senseval2.d001.s036.t010	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "finally" is:2) as
senseval2.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s036.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seem" in the context of the given sentence is:2) seem to
senseval2.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the context of the given sentence is:4) established beyond doubt
senseval2.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "families" in the context of the given sentence is:4) people desc
senseval2.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "story" in the given context is:4) a record or narrative description
senseval2.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes back" in the context of the given sentence is:1) belong
senseval2.d001.s037.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "named" in the context of the sentence is:5) mention and identify by
senseval2.d001.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposed" in the context of the sentence is:3) propose or intend
senseval2.d001.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stemmed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) grow
senseval2.d001.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "separate" in the context of the sentence is:1) independent; not
senseval2.d001.s037.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the context of the sentence is:2) of or rel
senseval2.d001.s037.t011	In the context of the sentence, "defects" refers to genetic imperfections or abnormalities that contribute
senseval2.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "theorized" in the given sentence is:2) construct a theory about
senseval2.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the given sentence is:3) receive
senseval2.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence is:1) harmed or
senseval2.d001.s038.t006	In the context of the given sentence, "He theorized that in the eye cancer, an infant inherited a damaged
senseval2.d001.s038.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given context is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d001.s038.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) conforming with
senseval2.d001.s038.t010	In the context of the given sentence, "He theorized that in the eye cancer, an infant inherited a damaged
senseval2.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developed" in the context of the sentence is:10) grow,
senseval2.d001.s039.t003	In the given sentence, "The tumor, he suggested, developed when the second, normal copy also was damaged,"
senseval2.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the given sentence is:1) conforming with or constitut
senseval2.d001.s039.t005	In the given sentence, "The tumor, he suggested, developed when the second, normal copy also was damaged,"
senseval2.d001.s039.t007	In the given sentence, "The tumor, he suggested, developed when the second, normal copy also was damaged,"
senseval2.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval2.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prove" in the context of the given sentence is:2) establish the
senseval2.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "theory" in the given sentence is:1) a well-substantiated
senseval2.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Back" in the given sentence is:4) in or to or toward a
senseval2.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:3) at that timeIn
senseval2.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval2.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specific" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (sometimes
senseval2.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:19) observe as
senseval2.d001.s041.t009	In the given sentence, "pairs" refers to the 23 sets of chromosomes found in the cells
senseval2.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contain" in the context of the given sentence is:1) include or
senseval2.d001.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gross" in the context of the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome
senseval2.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome
senseval2.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "visible" in the context of the sentence "Occasionally, gross chromosome damage
senseval2.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:4) establish after a calculation
senseval2.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s043.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the sentence is:3) receive by
senseval2.d001.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) harmed
senseval2.d001.s043.t006	In the context of the sentence, "Dr. Knudson found that some children with the eye cancer had inherited a dam
senseval2.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parent" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother; one
senseval2.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual fact
senseval2.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:17) see and understand, have
senseval2.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bit" in the given context is:1) a small piece or quantity of
senseval2.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumed" in the given sentence is:1) take to be the case
senseval2.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given sentence is:1) a separate part of a
senseval2.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contained" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain; have
senseval2.d001.s045.t006	In the context of the sentence, "loss" refers to the disadvantage or negative impact that results from losing something,
senseval2.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the context of the sentence is:5) forming or having
senseval2.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval2.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "setting off" in the context of the sentence is:6) set in motion
senseval2.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval2.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (
senseval2.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scientific" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating
senseval2.d001.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "led" in the given sentence is:7) be in charge of
senseval2.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (
senseval2.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:8) make a discovery,
senseval2.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:2) a statement that solves a problem
senseval2.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
senseval2.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battery" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a
senseval2.d001.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "developed" in the context of the sentence is:11) become techn
senseval2.d001.s048.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s048.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the context of the given sentence is:2) information (data
senseval2.d001.s048.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presence" in the context of the sentence is:1) the state of
senseval2.d001.s048.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analyzing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) consider
senseval2.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extracted" in the given context is:6) obtain from a substance
senseval2.d001.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eye" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval2.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:4) establish after a calculation
senseval2.d001.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defects" in the given context is:2) a failing or def
senseval2.d001.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given context is:1) coming next after the first in
senseval2.d001.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a thing made
senseval2.d001.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exact" in the given sentence is:1) marked by strict and particular
senseval2.d001.s049.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the given sentence is:1) preceding all others
senseval2.d001.s049.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a thing made
senseval2.d001.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the given sentence, "The finding riveted medicine," is:
senseval2.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the context of the sentence "The finding riveted medicine"
senseval2.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the given sentence is:1) preceding all others
senseval2.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for
senseval2.d001.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:2) establish the validity of
senseval2.d001.s051.t003	In the context of the sentence, "loss" refers to the absence or removal of something, specifically the absence of both copies
senseval2.d001.s051.t004	In the context of the given sentence, "copies" refers to the replication or duplication of a gene. Therefore
senseval2.d001.s051.t005	In the given sentence, "the loss of both copies of the same gene," the term "same" refers to the identity
senseval2.d001.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the context of the given sentence is:3) tend to
senseval2.d001.s051.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eruption" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a
senseval2.d001.s051.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "satisfying" in the given context is:1) providing abundant n
senseval2.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "true" in the given sentence is:7) not pretended; sincer
senseval2.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "true" in the given sentence is:7) not pretended; sincer
senseval2.d001.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "audacious" in the given sentence is:3) disposed to vent
senseval2.d001.s054.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the context of the sentence "It was an audacious claim"
senseval2.d001.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the context of the sentence "But in Baltimore, Dr. Vogel
senseval2.d001.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believed" in the context of the sentence is:1) accept as true
senseval2.d001.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the context of the sentence is:5) correct in opinion or
senseval2.d001.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set out" in the context of the given sentence is:1) take the
senseval2.d001.s055.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "repeat" in the context of the given sentence is:2) make or do
senseval2.d001.s055.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiment" in the given context is:1) the act of conducting
senseval2.d001.s055.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s055.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s055.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teams" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit
senseval2.d001.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:2) announce as the result of
senseval2.d001.s056.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dual" in the given sentence is:1) consisting of or involving two
senseval2.d001.s056.t005	In the context of the given sentence, "losses" refers to the phenomenon of losing something, specifically in a scientific
senseval2.d001.s056.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "childhood" in the given sentence is:1) the time of person'
senseval2.d001.s056.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s056.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the given sentence is:12) greet, as with
senseval2.d001.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:2) direct one's interest
senseval2.d001.s057.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the context of the sentence "Dr. Vogelstein next turned his
senseval2.d001.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
senseval2.d001.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "biggest" in the context of the sentence is:1) above average in
senseval2.d001.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killer" in the context of the sentence is:1) someone who causes
senseval2.d001.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given sentence is:2) North American republic containing
senseval2.d001.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) accept as
senseval2.d001.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arise" in the context of the given sentence is:2) originate
senseval2.d001.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:3) in many
senseval2.d001.s058.t009	In the given sentence, "seems" is used to describe the impression or appearance of how colon cancer develops, which
senseval2.d001.s058.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence is:10) grow, progress
senseval2.d001.s058.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stages" in the given context is:1) any distinct time period in
senseval2.d001.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:3) in many
senseval2.d001.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "preceded" in the context of the given sentence is:2) come
senseval2.d001.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (biology
senseval2.d001.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given context is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given context is:11) nouns or pron
senseval2.d001.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the context of the given sentence is:2) undergo
senseval2.d001.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stages" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a specific
senseval2.d001.s059.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progressing" in the context of the given sentence is:2) move forward
senseval2.d001.s059.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the given context is:1) used to form the comparative
senseval2.d001.s059.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "severe" in the context of the given sentence is:6) very bad
senseval2.d001.s059.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deadly" in the context of the given sentence is:1) causing
senseval2.d001.s059.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of or
senseval2.d001.s059.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the occurrence
senseval2.d001.s059.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occurring" in the context of the given sentence is:1) come
senseval2.d001.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in the given context is:1) a learner who is en
senseval2.d001.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or
senseval2.d001.s060.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions
senseval2.d001.s060.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tedious" in the given sentence is:1) so lacking in interest
senseval2.d001.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:1) many times
senseval2.d001.s060.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "searching" in the given sentence is:2) search or seek
senseval2.d001.s060.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "signs" in the context of the sentence is:6) (medic
senseval2.d001.s060.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s060.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the sentence is:1) the occurrence of
senseval2.d001.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or
senseval2.d001.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confusing" in the given sentence is:2) lacking clarity of
senseval2.d001.s061.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the context of the given sentence is:2) noticeable
senseval2.d001.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given sentence is:4) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s061.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "existing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) have an
senseval2.d001.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:5) except that
senseval2.d001.s061.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given context is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given context is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s061.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coherent" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent
senseval2.d001.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "picture" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of
senseval2.d001.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s062.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture of
senseval2.d001.s062.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerged" in the context of the sentence "Gradually, a coherent picture
senseval2.d001.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a thing
senseval2.d001.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the context of the sentence "If both copies of a certain gene were knock
senseval2.d001.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knocked out" in the context of the given sentence is:1
senseval2.d001.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "If both copies of a certain gene were knock
senseval2.d001.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the given context is:2) a thing made to be
senseval2.d001.s064.t001	In the given sentence, "second" refers to a gene that is being discussed in relation to its position or order in a
senseval2.d001.s064.t003	In this context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "then" is:2) in that case or as a
senseval2.d001.s064.t004	In the context of the given sentence, which discusses the deletion of gene copies and its impact on polyps progressing
senseval2.d001.s064.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polyps" in the given sentence is:1) a small vascular
senseval2.d001.s064.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "malignancy" in the given context is:1) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clear" in the context of the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene had
senseval2.d001.s065.t003	In the given sentence, "damaged" refers to the state of genes that have been altered or affected in a
senseval2.d001.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "develop" in the context of the sentence "It was clear that more than one gene had
senseval2.d001.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the find
senseval2.d001.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "galvanized" in the context of the sentence "Their report galvanized other
senseval2.d001.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the sentence "Their report galvanized other molecular
senseval2.d001.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confirming" in the given sentence is:2) serving to support or cor
senseval2.d001.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief or
senseval2.d001.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "needed" in the given sentence is:1) require as useful, just
senseval2.d001.s067.t004	In the context of the sentence, "losses" refers to the disappearance or absence of certain genes that are critical
senseval2.d001.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the given context is:4) urgently needed;
senseval2.d001.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the given context is:3) (biology) the process
senseval2.d001.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the given context is:4) commonly encounteredIn the
senseval2.d001.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:1) up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s068.t001	In the context of the given sentence, "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene
senseval2.d001.s068.t002	In the context of the sentence, "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that
senseval2.d001.s068.t004	In the given sentence, "But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that, if
senseval2.d001.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flipped" in the context of the sentence is:8) turn upside
senseval2.d001.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "colon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the large int
senseval2.d001.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
senseval2.d001.s068.t008	In the context of the sentence, "full-blown" refers to a situation or condition that has reached its most
senseval2.d001.s068.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "malignancy" in the given sentence is:1) (medicine
senseval2.d001.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions
senseval2.d001.s070.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
senseval2.d001.s070.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "down" in the context of the given sentence is:1) spatially or
senseval2.d001.s070.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "length" in the given sentence is:3) the property of being the extent
senseval2.d001.s070.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in the given sentence is:1) try to locate or discover
senseval2.d001.s070.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the context of the given sentence is:3) common to or
senseval2.d001.s070.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bit" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a small piece
senseval2.d001.s070.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genetic" in the given context is:2) of or relating to
senseval2.d001.s070.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the given context is:2) information (data or ideas or
senseval2.d001.s070.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the context of the given sentence is:1) fail to keep
senseval2.d001.s070.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the context of the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably
senseval2.d001.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the context of the sentence "Such a piece of DNA would probably
senseval2.d001.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constitute" in the context of the given sentence is:1) form or
senseval2.d001.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence "When they found it last winter, Dr.
senseval2.d001.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the sentence "When they found it last winter" is:
senseval2.d001.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dubious" in the given sentence is:1) fraught with
senseval2.d001.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "search" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the activity of
senseval2.d001.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doubts" in the given sentence is:1) the state of
senseval2.d001.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stemmed" in the given context is:1) grow out of,
senseval2.d001.s073.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d001.s073.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given sentence is:1) (used with count
senseval2.d001.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d001.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earlier" in the given sentence is:1) earlier in time; previously
senseval2.d001.s073.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:4) establish after a calculation
senseval2.d001.s073.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experiments" in the given sentence is:1) the act of conduct
senseval2.d001.s073.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mice" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous small rod
senseval2.d001.s073.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the context of the sentence is:1) assign a specified (
senseval2.d001.s073.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "transform" in the given sentence is:2) change or alter in form,
senseval2.d001.s073.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "normal" in the given context is:1) conforming with or constitut
senseval2.d001.s073.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s073.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancerous" in the given context is:1) relating to or
senseval2.d001.s073.t016	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "normal cells" and "cancerous ones." Here, "ones
senseval2.d001.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found
senseval2.d001.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exactly" in the context of the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein
senseval2.d001.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the sentence "The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found
senseval2.d001.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spot" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a point located
senseval2.d001.s075.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the given sentence is:9) state as
senseval2.d001.s075.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the context of the sentence is:1) give rise to
senseval2.d001.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:1)
senseval2.d001.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promoting" in the context of the sentence is:1) contribute to the
senseval2.d001.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence is:6) (path
senseval2.d001.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looking for" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) try to
senseval2.d001.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suppressed" in the context of the sentence is:5) reduce the
senseval2.d001.s075.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence is:6) (path
senseval2.d001.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given context is:1) examine and note the similar
senseval2.d001.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the given sentence is:4) establish after a
senseval2.d001.s076.t004	In the given sentence, "human cancer cells" refers to cancer cells that originate from human tissue. Therefore, the
senseval2.d001.s076.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the given sentence is:4) establish after a
senseval2.d001.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identical" in the context of the given sentence is:1) exactly al
senseval2.d001.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned out" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be
senseval2.d001.s076.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:1)
senseval2.d001.s076.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:2) applying the
senseval2.d001.s076.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "observing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) observe
senseval2.d001.s076.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damaged" in the context of the given sentence is:1) harmed
senseval2.d001.s076.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the sentence is:11) a particular mode
senseval2.d001.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discover
senseval2.d001.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suddenly" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d001.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "puts" in the context of the given sentence is:2) cause to
senseval2.d001.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) precisely, exactly
senseval2.d001.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "formation" in the context of the sentence is:3) the act of forming
senseval2.d001.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leader" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) a person
senseval2.d001.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief
senseval2.d001.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d001.s078.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerging" in the context of the sentence "Evidence now is emerging that
senseval2.d001.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the sentence "Evidence now is emerging
senseval2.d001.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the sentence "Evidence now is emerging that the
senseval2.d001.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s078.t007	In the given sentence, "Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved in other
senseval2.d001.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the given sentence is:4) establish after a
senseval2.d001.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breast" in the given sentence is:2) either of two soft f
senseval2.d001.s079.t004	In the context of the given sentence, "copy" refers to a replication or duplication of a part of a chrom
senseval2.d001.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spot" in the given context is:1) a point located with respect to
senseval2.d001.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion
senseval2.d001.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:3) in many
senseval2.d001.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strikes" in the context of the given sentence is:6) affect
senseval2.d001.s080.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given context is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval2.d001.s080.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the context of the given sentence is:2) having or feeling
senseval2.d001.s080.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "families" in the context of the given sentence is:4) people desc
senseval2.d001.s080.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherited" in the context of the given sentence is:3) receive
senseval2.d001.s080.t012	In the given sentence, "damaged" refers to the gene being in a state that has caused harm or is not function
senseval2.d001.s080.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the given sentence is:11) a particular
senseval2.d001.s080.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d001.s080.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "implicated" in the context of the sentence "The p53 gene has just been
senseval2.d001.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the find
senseval2.d001.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the sentence "In a report out last week" is:
senseval2.d001.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
senseval2.d001.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given context is:9) state as one's opinion
senseval2.d001.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "about" in the given context is:1) (of quantities) imprec
senseval2.d001.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
senseval2.d001.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence is:4) get into one
senseval2.d001.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism
senseval2.d001.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tested" in the given sentence is:7) undergo a test
senseval2.d001.s082.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "missing" in the context of the sentence is:6) be without
senseval2.d001.s083.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given context is:1) a written document describing the
senseval2.d001.s083.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given sentence is:1) up to the present time
senseval2.d001.s083.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tissue" in the given sentence is:1) part of an organism
senseval2.d001.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence is:30) have with
senseval2.d001.s083.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the given context is:1) that part of the central
senseval2.d001.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "At the same time" in the given context is:2) overlapping
senseval2.d001.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
senseval2.d001.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rushing" in the context of the given sentence is:4) act or
senseval2.d001.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s085.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hopes" in the given sentence is:2) be optimistic;
senseval2.d001.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) connected
senseval2.d001.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "close" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) not far distant
senseval2.d001.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finding" in the context of the sentence is:8) make a discovery
senseval2.d001.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) connected
senseval2.d001.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
senseval2.d001.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the given sentence is:9) ponder
senseval2.d001.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) accept as
senseval2.d001.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d001.s087.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherit" in the context of the given sentence is:3) receive by
senseval2.d001.s087.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "copies" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a thing
senseval2.d001.s087.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater
senseval2.d001.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the given context is:2) announce as the result
senseval2.d001.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the given sentence is:1) connected
senseval2.d001.s088.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d001.s088.t009	In the given sentence, "more" is used to compare the prevalence or frequency of lung cancers and several other
senseval2.d001.s088.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the context of the sentence is:4) commonly encountered
senseval2.d001.s088.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancers" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d001.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discoveries" in the given sentence is:2) something that is discovered
senseval2.d001.s089.t003	In the context of the sentence "Where these discoveries will lead, scientists can only speculate," the most suitable dictionary
senseval2.d001.s089.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculate" in the context of the given sentence is:2) talk
senseval2.d001.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the context of the sentence is:3) greater in number or
senseval2.d001.s090.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unit" in the context of the sentence is:2) an individual or group
senseval2.d001.s090.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "collaborating" in the given context is:1) work together on a
senseval2.d001.s090.t007	In the context of the given sentence, "hunters" refers to individuals or entities actively searching for something, specifically
senseval2.d001.s090.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turn" in the context of the given sentence is:16) cause to
senseval2.d001.s090.t010	In the context of the given sentence, "discoveries" refers to:2) something that is discovered
senseval2.d001.s090.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the sentence is:2) original and of a
senseval2.d001.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the given sentence is:9) state as one's opinion
senseval2.d001.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d001.s091.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slow" in the context of the given sentence is:2) become slow or
senseval2.d001.s091.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reverse" in the context of the given sentence is:5) reverse the position
senseval2.d001.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (
senseval2.d001.s091.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the context of the given sentence is:1) use as a
senseval2.d001.s091.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produced" in the context of the sentence is:1) bring forth or
senseval2.d001.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given sentence is:2) your intention; what you intend
senseval2.d001.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administer" in the context of the given sentence is:4) give or
senseval2.d001.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
senseval2.d001.s092.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) having
senseval2.d001.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "versions" in the given context is:2) something a little different from others
senseval2.d001.s092.t007	In the given sentence, "damaged" refers to genes that have been harmed or injured. Therefore, the most
senseval2.d001.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:1) capable of happening or existing
senseval2.d001.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replace" in the context of the given sentence is:1) substitute a person
senseval2.d001.s093.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "healthy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) having
senseval2.d001.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "versions" in the given context is:2) something a little different from others
senseval2.d001.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come close" in the context of the given sentence is:1) nearly do
senseval2.d001.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the given context is:9) state as one's
senseval2.d001.s094.t002	In the given sentence, "witnessing" refers to the act of perceiving or being contemporaneous with an event
senseval2.d001.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d001.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given context is:1) used to form the superl
senseval2.d001.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of great significance
senseval2.d001.s094.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steps" in the context of the given sentence is:5) relative position in
senseval2.d001.s094.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "genesis" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) a coming
senseval2.d001.s094.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
senseval2.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teach" in the context of the given sentence is:1) impart
senseval2.d002.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the context of the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "write" in the context of the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to
senseval2.d002.s000.t004	In the context of the sentence "Why can't we teach our children to read, write, and reckon?",
senseval2.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:2) know how to do or perform
senseval2.d002.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the sentence "It's that we do not want
senseval2.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a rational mot
senseval2.d002.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the given sentence is:1) feel or
senseval2.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the context of the given sentence is:2) able to
senseval2.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "require" in the context of the given sentence is:2) consider obligatory
senseval2.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relinquish" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval2.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "metaphysical" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beliefs" in the context of the given sentence would be:1)
senseval2.d002.s003.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (used
senseval2.d002.s003.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s003.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "violate" in the context of the given sentence is:2) act in
senseval2.d002.s003.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interests" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (law
senseval2.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beliefs" in the given sentence is:1) any cognitive content
senseval2.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:1) to a very great extent or
senseval2.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dominate" in the context of the given sentence is:2) be in
senseval2.d002.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval2.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a person
senseval2.d002.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the context of the given sentence is:2) in spite of
senseval2.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given context is:1) a father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the context of the given sentence is:2) seem to
senseval2.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blasphemous" in the context of the given sentence is:1
senseval2.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the context of the given sentence is:2) issue a
senseval2.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d002.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "example" in the given sentence is:1) an item of information that is
senseval2.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the context of the given sentence is:5) address a question
senseval2.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sample" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a small part
senseval2.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given context is:1) of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given context is:1) a father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the context of the given sentence is:2) prefer or
senseval2.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the context of the given sentence is:2) insp
senseval2.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given context is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the speech act
senseval2.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mean" in the context of the sentence "But what do we mean, specifically, by
senseval2.d002.s008.t000	In the given sentence, "No one can say," the word "one" is used to refer to a single person or
senseval2.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equated" in the given sentence is:1) consider or describe as similar
senseval2.d002.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourages" in the context of the given sentence is:2) insp
senseval2.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
senseval2.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) all the
senseval2.d002.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (used
senseval2.d002.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incompetence" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matched" in the context of the given sentence is:10) make
senseval2.d002.s010.t008	In the given sentence, "only" is used to emphasize that the young people's ignorance and intellectual incomp
senseval2.d002.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" in the context of the sentence is:16) appealing to
senseval2.d002.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opinion" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
senseval2.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the context of the given sentence is:1) including all
senseval2.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given context is:1) a vague idea in which
senseval2.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "romantic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) belonging to
senseval2.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rebellion" in the context of the given sentence is:1) ref
senseval2.d002.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disciplined" in the context of the given sentence is:1) obey
senseval2.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instruction" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the activities
senseval2.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authoritarian" in the context of the given sentence is:2) expecting
senseval2.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "repression" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
senseval2.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frustration" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the feeling
senseval2.d002.s011.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "latent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) potentially existing
senseval2.d002.s011.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talents" in the context of the given sentence is:1) natural ab
senseval2.d002.s011.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "yet" in the given context is:1) up to the present time
senseval2.d002.s011.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potentialities" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s011.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inherent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) existing
senseval2.d002.s011.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "souls" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s011.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given context is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the context of the sentence "It is not surprising that parents find this rom
senseval2.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "romantic" in the context of the given sentence is:2) expressive
senseval2.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:7) (usually followed by `
senseval2.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attractive" in the context of the given sentence is:1) ple
senseval2.d002.s013.t001	In the given sentence, "same" is used to refer to the parents who share the same values or beliefs as others
senseval2.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the given sentence is:1) feel or
senseval2.d002.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence "Fortunately, these same parents do
senseval2.d002.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) socially
senseval2.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s013.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s013.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "demands" in the context of the given sentence is:2) require as
senseval2.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commitment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the trait
senseval2.d002.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survive" in the context of the given sentence is:1) continue
senseval2.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "adolescent" in the given sentence is:4) in the state of
senseval2.d002.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illiteracy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an
senseval2.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "future" in the given sentence is:1) the time yet to come
senseval2.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "determined" in the context of the given sentence is:8) find
senseval2.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a position
senseval2.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allow" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make it possible
senseval2.d002.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevail" in the context of the given sentence is:4) prove superior
senseval2.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "illusions" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
senseval2.d002.s015.t010	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "share" is:1) have in
senseval2.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the given sentence is:3) the persons (
senseval2.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fight" in the context of the given sentence is:2) fight against
senseval2.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the cause
senseval2.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:2) easy and not
senseval2.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an explanation of
senseval2.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Progressive" in the context of the sentence "Progressive education" is:
senseval2.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s018.t002	In the given sentence, "once" is used to refer to a past state or condition of something. Among the provided definitions
senseval2.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called" in the context of the sentence "Progressive education (as it was once called
senseval2.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "far" in the given context is:1) to a considerable degree; very
senseval2.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agreeable" in the context of the given sentence is:1) conform
senseval2.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s018.t009	In the given sentence, "disciplined instruction" refers to a structured, rule-based approach to teaching, where
senseval2.d002.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instruction" in the given context is:2) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nice" in the given sentence is:1) pleasant or pleasing or agree
senseval2.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the given sentence is:8) decide by
senseval2.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personality" in the given sentence is:1) the complex of all the
senseval2.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a process in
senseval2.d002.s019.t005	In the given sentence, "even" is used to emphasize the niceness of minimizing irksome tests with often
senseval2.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nicer" in the context of the given sentence is:1) pleasant or
senseval2.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minimize" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make
senseval2.d002.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tests" in the given sentence is:2) any standardized procedure for meas
senseval2.d002.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) frequently or
senseval2.d002.s019.t012	In the context of the given sentence, "results" refers to the outcomes or consequences of the tests that teachers administer
senseval2.d002.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provides" in the given sentence is:1) give something useful or necessary
senseval2.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "profession" in the given sentence is:2) an occupation requiring special education
senseval2.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the sentence is:14) go successfully
senseval2.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the context of the given sentence is:1) education im
senseval2.d002.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s020.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "philosophy" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval2.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the context of the sentence "I myself took such courses in college,
senseval2.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "college" in the given sentence is:2) an institution of higher education
senseval2.d002.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thinking" in the context of the sentence "I myself took such courses in college,
senseval2.d002.s022.t001	In the given sentence, "They could all fairly be described as 'pap' courses," the most suitable dictionary definition for
senseval2.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "described" in the given sentence is:1) give a description of
senseval2.d002.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in the given sentence is:1) worthless or overs
senseval2.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courses" in the given sentence is:1) education imparted in
senseval2.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distinct" in the context of the sentence "But it is unfair to dump on
senseval2.d002.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the sentence "But it is unfair to dump
senseval2.d002.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "establishment" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval2.d002.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s024.t004	In the given sentence, "seriously committed to conscientious teaching," the word "seriously" modifies the ad
senseval2.d002.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) bound or
senseval2.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teaching" in the given sentence is:3) the activities of educating
senseval2.d002.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brightest" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) character
senseval2.d002.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) all the
senseval2.d002.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the given sentence is:1) used as intensifiers; `
senseval2.d002.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval2.d002.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jobs" in the given sentence is:2) a specific piece of work
senseval2.d002.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:10) with skill or in a
senseval2.d002.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remember" in the context of the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge
senseval2.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truly" in the context of the sentence "Yes, we all can remember one or
senseval2.d002.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proceeded" in the given sentence is:4) follow a certain course
senseval2.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) properly
senseval2.d002.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sense" in the given sentence is:2) the meaning of a word
senseval2.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teacher" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation is
senseval2.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the context of the given sentence is:3) consider or
senseval2.d002.s029.t003	In the given sentence, "one" is used to refer to a single person or thing, specifically a teacher being compared to
senseval2.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brilliant" in the context of the given sentence is:2) having or
senseval2.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the given sentence is:2) easy to believe on the
senseval2.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) properly
senseval2.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "serves" in the context of the given sentence is:8) promote,
senseval2.d002.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given sentence is:10) with skill or in a
senseval2.d002.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:3) of extreme importance
senseval2.d002.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factor" in the context of the given sentence is:1) anything that cont
senseval2.d002.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the sentence "Our teachers are not an important
senseval2.d002.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
senseval2.d002.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs
senseval2.d002.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equity" in the context of the given sentence is:3) conformity
senseval2.d002.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s033.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs
senseval2.d002.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the given sentence is:9) ponder
senseval2.d002.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) give
senseval2.d002.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "better" in the given sentence is:1) comparative of `well
senseval2.d002.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence is:11) acquire as
senseval2.d002.s034.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d002.s034.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an organization
senseval2.d002.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mind" in the context of the given sentence is:2) be concerned with
senseval2.d002.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spreading" in the context of the given sentence is:6) become widely
senseval2.d002.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "narrow" in the context of the given sentence is:2) limited in
senseval2.d002.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purposes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an anticip
senseval2.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given sentence is:2) a person active in party
senseval2.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the context of the given sentence is:7) get something or
senseval2.d002.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "helps" in the context of the given sentence is:3) be of
senseval2.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strike" in the context of the given sentence is:16) drive
senseval2.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friendly" in the context of the given sentence is:2) inclined
senseval2.d002.s036.t009	In the context of the given sentence, "posture" refers to a stance or position that a politician adopts to
senseval2.d002.s036.t010	In the given sentence, "behalf" is used in the context of representing or acting on someone's part, particularly
senseval2.d002.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of great significance
senseval2.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shred" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a tiny
senseval2.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:1) your basis
senseval2.d002.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the sentence "But there is not one shred of evidence
senseval2.d002.s037.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the context of the sentence provided is:8) an entity
senseval2.d002.s037.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) having the same
senseval2.d002.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differentials" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
senseval2.d002.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the context of the given sentence is:3) come about or
senseval2.d002.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s037.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differentials" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
senseval2.d002.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given sentence is:1) your basis for belief or
senseval2.d002.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sure" in the context of the sentence "If there were such evidence, you can
senseval2.d002.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the context of the given sentence is:2) prefer or
senseval2.d002.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "serious" in the context of the given sentence is:1) concerned with
senseval2.d002.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exactly" in the context of the given sentence is:2) just as
senseval2.d002.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "just" in the context of the given sentence is:2) indicating exactness
senseval2.d002.s039.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of great significance
senseval2.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scattered" in the context of the given sentence is:1) occurr
senseval2.d002.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poorest" in the context of the given sentence is:3) character
senseval2.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the given sentence is:2) closely similar or
senseval2.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "majority" in the given sentence is:1) the property resulting from being
senseval2.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "efforts" in the context of the given sentence is:1) earnest
senseval2.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reform" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a change
senseval2.d002.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doomed" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (us
senseval2.d002.s042.t000	In the given sentence, "We really do know all we need to know, if only we could assimilate this knowledge
senseval2.d002.s042.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) have need ofIn
senseval2.d002.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assimilate" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respect" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the condition
senseval2.d002.s043.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mute" in the context of the given sentence is:1) expressed without
senseval2.d002.s043.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great
senseval2.d002.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inclined" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed
senseval2.d002.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "echo" in the context of the given sentence is:1) to say again
senseval2.d002.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conventional" in the context of the given sentence is:1) following
senseval2.d002.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pap" in the given sentence is:1) worthless or overs
senseval2.d002.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Thus" in the given sentence is:1) (used to introduce a
senseval2.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the given context is:2) of the immediate past or
senseval2.d002.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governors" in the given context is:1) the head of a
senseval2.d002.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
senseval2.d002.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "announced" in the given context is:2) announce publicly or
senseval2.d002.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
senseval2.d002.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "needs" in the given context is:1) require as useful, just
senseval2.d002.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:1) a plan of action adopted by
senseval2.d002.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a process in
senseval2.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by
senseval2.d002.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governors" in the given sentence is:1) the head of a
senseval2.d002.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seem" in the context of the given sentence is:2) seem to
senseval2.d002.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the context of the given sentence is:2) anything that is
senseval2.d002.s047.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extending" in the context of the sentence "What Gov. Clinton is advoc
senseval2.d002.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the context of the given sentence is:1) instrumentality that
senseval2.d002.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the context of the given sentence is:1) worth having
senseval2.d002.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a system of
senseval2.d002.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s048.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a system of
senseval2.d002.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval2.d002.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "very" in the given sentence is:1) used as intensifiers; `
senseval2.d002.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the context of the given sentence is:1) at or
senseval2.d002.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exposure" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the
senseval2.d002.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schooling" in the given sentence is:2) the process of being formally
senseval2.d002.s049.t005	In the given sentence, "improves" refers to the action of making something better or enhancing its quality or
senseval2.d002.s049.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
senseval2.d002.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "first" in the context of the sentence "We know that very early exposure to school
senseval2.d002.s049.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grade" in the context of the given sentence is:6) a number or
senseval2.d002.s049.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a significant
senseval2.d002.s049.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quickly" in the context of the given sentence is:2) with little
senseval2.d002.s049.t013	In the context of the given sentence, "washed away" metaphorically refers to the diminishing or erasing
senseval2.d002.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum up" in the given context is:1) give a summary (of
senseval2.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the sentence is:1) be cognizant
senseval2.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s050.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reforms" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) a change
senseval2.d002.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the sentence is:13) cause to happen
senseval2.d002.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the sentence is:13) cause to happen
senseval2.d002.s050.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parental" in the context of the sentence "Parental involvement is a bad idea
senseval2.d002.s050.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the sentence about education and education reforms is:
senseval2.d002.s050.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bad" in the context of the sentence "Parental involvement is a bad idea"
senseval2.d002.s050.t010	In the context of the sentence, "idea" refers to a concept or belief about a particular subject. Here, it'
senseval2.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "too" in the given sentence is:1) to a degree exceeding
senseval2.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the context of the sentence "Parents are too likely to blame schools
senseval2.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blame" in the context of the given sentence is:3) attribute responsibility
senseval2.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s051.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s051.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limitations" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the quality
senseval2.d002.s051.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the sentence "Parents should be involved with their
senseval2.d002.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:2) a human offspring (son
senseval2.d002.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the context of the sentence "Parents should be involved with their children'
senseval2.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:10) be careful
senseval2.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kids" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either
senseval2.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "play" in the context of the sentence "They should see to it that their kids
senseval2.d002.s053.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given sentence is:1) a young person of either sex
senseval2.d002.s053.t007	In the given sentence, "They should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework," the word "spend
senseval2.d002.s053.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a period of
senseval2.d002.s053.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scrutinize" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parents" in the given sentence is:1) a father or mother;
senseval2.d002.s054.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "option" in the given sentence is:2) one of a number of things
senseval2.d002.s054.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "switching" in the context of the given sentence is:4) make a
senseval2.d002.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Community" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a group
senseval2.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the sentence "Community involvement is an even
senseval2.d002.s055.t002	In the given sentence, "Community involvement is an even worse idea," the word "even" is used to emphas
senseval2.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worse" in the context of the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse
senseval2.d002.s055.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the context of the sentence "Community involvement is an even worse idea
senseval2.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
senseval2.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Locally" in the given sentence is:1) by a particular locality
senseval2.d002.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the given sentence is:1) to a distinctly greater
senseval2.d002.s057.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cities" in the given context is:1) a large and densely
senseval2.d002.s057.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the context of the given sentence is:1) enter or
senseval2.d002.s057.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ambitious" in the context of the given sentence is:1) having
senseval2.d002.s057.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) usually;
senseval2.d002.s057.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corrupt" in the context of the given sentence is:1) lacking
senseval2.d002.s057.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to
senseval2.d002.s057.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given context is:2) a person active in party
senseval2.d002.s057.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "politicians" in the given context is:2) a person active in party
senseval2.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of action intended
senseval2.d002.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trying" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make an
senseval2.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the context of the sentence is:1) instrumentality that comb
senseval2.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "school" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institutionThis
senseval2.d002.s058.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governance" in the given sentence is:1) the persons (or
senseval2.d002.s058.t005	In the given sentence, "even" is used to highlight a contrast or unexpected situation. It emphasizes that while New York
senseval2.d002.s058.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval2.d002.s058.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cities" in the given context is:1) a large and densely
senseval2.d002.s058.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institute" in the given sentence is:1) set up or lay the
senseval2.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s059.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditures" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s059.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) the set of
senseval2.d002.s059.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "probably" in the context of the given sentence is:2) easy to
senseval2.d002.s059.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "In most states, increasing expenditures
senseval2.d002.s059.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the context of the given sentence is:8) an entity
senseval2.d002.s059.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worse" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (com
senseval2.d002.s059.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "better" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (com
senseval2.d002.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the given sentence is:2) an explanation of the cause of
senseval2.d002.s060.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:2) easy and not
senseval2.d002.s060.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Education" in the given sentence is:2) knowledge acquired by learning and
senseval2.d002.s060.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "influence" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the
senseval2.d002.s060.t006	In the given sentence, "money" is used to describe the influence or impact that financial resources can have in a particular
senseval2.d002.s061.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Decades" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 1
senseval2.d002.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s061.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tell" in the context of the given sentence is:6) inform posit
senseval2.d002.s061.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "even" in the given sentence is:3) to a greater degree or extent
senseval2.d002.s061.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "classes" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a body of
senseval2.d002.s061.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon
senseval2.d002.s061.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) associated
senseval2.d002.s061.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
senseval2.d002.s061.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pupils" in the given sentence is:3) a young person att
senseval2.d002.s061.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the context of the given sentence is:1) worth having
senseval2.d002.s061.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not the same
senseval2.d002.s061.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the context of the given sentence is:5) a just
senseval2.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given sentence is:1) not of long duration; having
senseval2.d002.s062.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the context of the given sentence is:2) wealth reck
senseval2.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flows" in the context of the given sentence is:1) move or
senseval2.d002.s062.t007	In the context of the sentence, "piling" refers to the action of accumulating or adding more paperwork on the
senseval2.d002.s062.t008	In the given sentence, "more" is used in the context of increasing the amount of paperwork that teachers have to deal
senseval2.d002.s062.t009	In the given sentence, "more" is used in the context of increasing the amount of paperwork that teachers have to deal
senseval2.d002.s062.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teachers" in the given sentence is:1) a person whose occupation
senseval2.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mystery" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something
senseval2.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d002.s063.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s063.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditures" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval2.d002.s063.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "real" in the context of the sentence is:6) (of property)
senseval2.d002.s063.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in the given context is:1) become bigger or greater
senseval2.d002.s063.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sharply" in the context of the given sentence is:4) very suddenly
senseval2.d002.s063.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:1) earlier than the present time
senseval2.d002.s063.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
senseval2.d002.s063.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spend" in the context of the given sentence is:2) pay out
senseval2.d002.s063.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given context is:2) comparative of much; to
senseval2.d002.s063.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pupil" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who
senseval2.d002.s063.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not the same
senseval2.d002.s063.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a politically
senseval2.d002.s063.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the given context is:1) relating to the
senseval2.d002.s063.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
senseval2.d002.s063.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "declined" in the context of the given sentence is:5) go down
senseval2.d002.s064.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence, "That is the way the system works," is:
senseval2.d002.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who
senseval2.d002.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the sentence "Students should move up the
senseval2.d002.s065.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) associated
senseval2.d002.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the context of the sentence "Students should move up the educational
senseval2.d002.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "allows" in the context of the sentence "Students should move up the educational
senseval2.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is en
senseval2.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permitted" in the context of the given sentence is:1) consent to
senseval2.d002.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "graduated" in the context of the given sentence is:1) receive
senseval2.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mastered" in the given sentence is:4) have a firm understanding or
senseval2.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:2) a relative position or degree of
senseval2.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevailed" in the given sentence is:2) be valid, applicable
senseval2.d002.s066.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
senseval2.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in the given context is:7) destine or designate
senseval2.d002.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the given sentence is:1) most important element
senseval2.d002.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in the given context is:1) an anticipated outcome that
senseval2.d002.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "permit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) make it
senseval2.d002.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flourish" in the context of the given sentence is:1) grow
senseval2.d002.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clearly" in the context of the given sentence is:1) without doubt
senseval2.d002.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the given context is:1) worth having or seeking or
senseval2.d002.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the given context is:2) comparative of little
senseval2.d002.s067.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the given sentence is:11) succeed in
senseval2.d002.s067.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the context of the given sentence is:1) absolutely essential
senseval2.d002.s067.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:2) applying the
senseval2.d002.s067.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entering" in the context of the given sentence is:9) set out
senseval2.d002.s067.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the context of the given sentence is:8) all of the
senseval2.d002.s067.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given context is:3) the occupation for which you are
senseval2.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
senseval2.d002.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "purpose" in the given sentence is:1) an anticipated outcome that
senseval2.d002.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "education" in the given sentence is:1) the activities of educ
senseval2.d002.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the context of the given sentence is:2) insp
senseval2.d002.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "young" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (used
senseval2.d002.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an adult person
senseval2.d002.s069.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "women" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval2.d002.s069.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be fully
senseval2.d002.s069.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the context of the sentence "The purpose of education is to encourage young
senseval2.d002.s069.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) associated
senseval2.d002.s069.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the inher
senseval2.d002.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:1) in actual fact
senseval2.d002.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) accept as
senseval2.d002.s070.t002	In the given sentence, "equal" is used to describe the notion of having the same academic potential. Therefore, the most
senseval2.d002.s070.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) associated
senseval2.d002.s070.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the inher
senseval2.d002.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the context of the given sentence is:1) usually;
senseval2.d002.s071.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "desirable" in the context of the given sentence is:1) worth having
senseval2.d002.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the given sentence is:1) put into service
senseval2.d002.s071.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:4) to a degree (not
senseval2.d002.s071.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "newer" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not of
senseval2.d002.s071.t007	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "older textbooks." Here, "ones" is used to represent a
senseval2.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "often" in the context of the given sentence is:2) frequently or
senseval2.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dubious" in the context of the given sentence is:1) fra
senseval2.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "psychological" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of
senseval2.d002.s073.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rather" in the given sentence is:2) to some (great
senseval2.d002.s073.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "educational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval2.d002.s073.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval2.d002.s074.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reasons" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an explanation
senseval2.d002.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s074.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s074.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:7) (usually followed by `
senseval2.d002.s074.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note the similar
senseval2.d002.s074.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s074.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "influence" in the given context is:4) the effect of one
senseval2.d002.s074.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to the
senseval2.d002.s075.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wants" in the given context is:1) feel or have a desire
senseval2.d002.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appreciate" in the context of the given sentence is:2) be
senseval2.d002.s075.t002	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "just" is:1) and nothing
senseval2.d002.s075.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the given context is:3) a complex or critical
senseval2.d002.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given context is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s075.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "add" in the context of the given sentence is:4) make an addition
senseval2.d002.s075.t007	In the given sentence, "subtract" is used in the context of students not being able to "add or subtract
senseval2.d002.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "learning" in the context of the given sentence is:1) gain knowledge or
senseval2.d002.s075.t010	In the given sentence, "basis" refers to the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun, developed, calculated, or
senseval2.d002.s075.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of
senseval2.d002.s075.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the given context is:3) look at, interpret, and
senseval2.d002.s075.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "article" in the given context is:1) nonfictional prose
senseval2.d002.s075.t015	In the given sentence, "recent" is used to describe Caleb Nelson's status as a math major at
senseval2.d002.s075.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the given context is:3) a university student who is studying
senseval2.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Most" in the given sentence is:1) used to form the super
senseval2.d002.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of great significance
senseval2.d002.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principals" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval2.d002.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the context of the sentence is:6) having broad power and
senseval2.d002.s076.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the context of the given sentence is:2) how much there
senseval2.d002.s076.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the power
senseval2.d002.s076.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faculty" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the body
senseval2.d002.s076.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matters" in the context of the sentence is:5) (used with
senseval2.d002.s076.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "student" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a learner
senseval2.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Study" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a
senseval2.d002.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a written
senseval2.d002.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "most" in the given context is:1) used to form the superl
senseval2.d002.s077.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tells" in the context of the given sentence is:2) let something
senseval2.d002.s077.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
senseval2.d002.s077.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s077.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outside" in the context of the given sentence is:3) originating
senseval2.d002.s077.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interference" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the act
senseval2.d002.s077.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "governed" in the context of the sentence is:2) direct or
senseval2.d002.s077.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "powerful" in the context of the given sentence is:3) having great
senseval2.d002.s077.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the sentence is:13) the educator
senseval2.d002.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authority" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the power
senseval2.d002.s078.t002	In the given sentence, "With that authority, of course, goes an unambiguous accountability," the word "go
senseval2.d002.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unambiguous" in the given sentence is:2) admitting of no
senseval2.d002.s079.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Schools" in the given sentence is:1) an educational institution
senseval2.d002.s079.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval2.d002.s079.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "produce" in the context of the given sentence is:1) bring forth
senseval2.d002.s079.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
senseval2.d002.s079.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the context of the given sentence is:1) greater than
senseval2.d002.s079.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morale" in the given sentence is:2) the spirit of a group
senseval2.d002.s079.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "superior" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of high
senseval2.d002.s079.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "academic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) associated
senseval2.d002.s079.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
senseval2.d002.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ruffled" in the context of the given sentence is:2) trouble
senseval2.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
senseval2.d002.s080.t004	In the given sentence, "one" refers to a single person or thing. The context suggests that there is a specific individual
senseval2.d002.s080.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "so" in the given sentence is:7) (usually followed by `
senseval2.d002.s081.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publishes" in the context of the sentence is:3) have (one
senseval3.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bleary" in the given sentence is:2) indistinct or ha
senseval3.d000.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:10) be confronted with
senseval3.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ready" in the context of the given sentence is:1) completely prepared or
senseval3.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the given sentence is:3) the speech act of replying
senseval3.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surprise" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the aston
senseval3.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fit" in the given sentence is:2) a sudden uncontrollable
senseval3.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drunk" in the context of the given sentence is:1) stu
senseval3.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crazy" in the context of the sentence "Was the man drunk or cra
senseval3.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matched" in the context of the given sentence is:10) make
senseval3.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the act
senseval3.d000.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the act
senseval3.d000.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lost" in the context of the sentence "But his new-found buddy had matched
senseval3.d000.s004.t006	In the given sentence, "count" refers to the total number of drinks consumed by the man until he lost track
senseval3.d000.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given context is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "The guy is off his rocker
senseval3.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in the context of the given sentence is:1) emitting
senseval3.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the context of the given sentence is:1) being definitely
senseval3.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the context of the given sentence is:2) high
senseval3.d000.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cold" in the context of the sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also
senseval3.d000.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the context of the sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also bright
senseval3.d000.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the context of the sentence "Eyes that were clear, but also
senseval3.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drunk" in the context of the sentence "No, the man was not drunk
senseval3.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is:1) have a wish or
senseval3.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence "He wondered how he got tied up with
senseval3.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "remembered" in the context of the sentence "But, of course, he remembered
senseval3.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a period
senseval3.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "steady" in the context of the sentence "It was blurred, after
senseval3.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinking" in the given sentence is:2) the act of drinking
senseval3.d000.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occasion" in the given sentence is:1) an event that occurs at
senseval3.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the upper part
senseval3.d000.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the content
senseval3.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the context of the given sentence is:9) begin or
senseval3.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cross" in the context of the given sentence is:1) travel across or
senseval3.d000.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d000.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "light" in the context of the sentence is:4) the quality of being
senseval3.d000.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roared" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) make a
senseval3.d000.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intersection" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a j
senseval3.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brakes" in the given sentence is:1) a restraint used
senseval3.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "howled" in the context of the given sentence is:3) make a
senseval3.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "horn" in the context of the given sentence is:11) a device
senseval3.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blared" in the given context is:1) make a strident sound
senseval3.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given context is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) hit against;
senseval3.d000.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "called out" in the context of the given sentence is:1) utter al
senseval3.d000.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given context is:4) a particular point in time
senseval3.d000.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the context of the sentence "His shout had been involuntary,
senseval3.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cared" in the context of the given sentence is:1) feel concern
senseval3.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) hit against;
senseval3.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regretted" in the given sentence is:1) feel remorse
senseval3.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opened" in the given sentence is:3) become openIn
senseval3.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouth" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the opening through
senseval3.d000.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle
senseval3.d000.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stop" in the context of the sentence is:2) the act of stopping
senseval3.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "angry" in the context of the given sentence is:1) feeling or
senseval3.d000.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jumped" in the context of the sentence is:2) move or
senseval3.d000.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cab" in the given sentence is:1) a compartment at the
senseval3.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:1) use one's feet
senseval3.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arm" in the context of the sentence "By then, the stranger was thanking Han
senseval3.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shoulders" in the context of the sentence is:1) the part of
senseval3.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "By then, the stranger was thanking Han
senseval3.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friend" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person you
senseval3.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "curse" in the context of the given sentence is:2) heap obsc
senseval3.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plot" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a secret scheme
senseval3.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ruin" in the context of the given sentence is:2) destroy or
senseval3.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the context of the given sentence is:6) an extreme att
senseval3.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saved" in the context of the given sentence is:3) bring into safety
senseval3.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:19) cause to move along
senseval3.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the given sentence is:1) the front of the human head
senseval3.d000.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the context of the sentence "Then the man he saved turned and looked
senseval3.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a brief statement
senseval3.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driver" in the given sentence is:1) the operator of a motor vehicle
senseval3.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the given sentence is:1) come to a halt,
senseval3.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swearing" in the given sentence is:1) utter obscenities
senseval3.d000.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turned" in the given sentence is:19) cause to move along
senseval3.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heel" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the bottom of
senseval3.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle
senseval3.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "Haney hadn't given
senseval3.d000.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:2) the process of using your
senseval3.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in
senseval3.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recalled" in the given sentence is:1) recall knowledge from memory;
senseval3.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is:1) have a wish or
senseval3.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence "Now he recalled it very clearly, and
senseval3.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "Now he recalled it very clearly, and
senseval3.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the given sentence is:1) a category of things distinguished by
senseval3.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the given sentence is:3) physical appearanceIn this
senseval3.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bluff" in the context of the given sentence is:2) preten
senseval3.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saying" in the context of the sentence "It must have been the sort of look
senseval3.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "word" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a unit of
senseval3.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "light" in the context of the sentence "When the light went their way, they went
senseval3.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:7) a journey or passage
senseval3.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went on" in the given sentence is:3) move forward, also
senseval3.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the given sentence is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found out" in the given sentence is:2) get to know or become
senseval3.d000.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the given sentence is:2) preferred above all others
senseval3.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bars" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a room or
senseval3.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "insisted" in the given context is:1) be emphatic or
senseval3.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offering" in the context of the sentence is:4) put forward
senseval3.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "buy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) obtain by
senseval3.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in the given sentence is:3) any liquid suitable for drink
senseval3.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the context of the sentence is:1) change location;
senseval3.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept to himself" in the given sentence is:1) shun the
senseval3.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the context of the sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept to
senseval3.d000.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a project
senseval3.d000.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passing" in the context of the sentence is:10) pass time
senseval3.d000.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:3) an indefinite period (
senseval3.d000.s026.t006	In the context of the given sentence, "Phil usually went alone and kept to himself, sitting in a corner and passing
senseval3.d000.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the context of the sentence "Phil usually went alone and kept
senseval3.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the given sentence is:1) reach, make, or
senseval3.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mind" in the context of the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company
senseval3.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:3) the state of being with someone
senseval3.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "free" in the context of the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company
senseval3.d000.s027.t005	In the context of the given sentence, "drinks" refers to items that could be offered in exchange for company, likely
senseval3.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company
senseval3.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "good" in the context of the sentence "But he decided he wouldn't mind company
senseval3.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "job" in the given sentence is:1) the principal activity in your life
senseval3.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondered" in the given sentence is:2) place in doubt or
senseval3.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "having" in the context of the sentence "Now he wondered if it was worth
senseval3.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screwball" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d000.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the context of the sentence "He really didn't take the offer seriously
senseval3.d000.s030.t001	In the given sentence, "He really didn't take the offer seriously, but he began to feel uneasy," the
senseval3.d000.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the context of the sentence "He really didn't take the offer
senseval3.d000.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uneasy" in the context of the sentence "He really didn't take the offer
senseval3.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:21) acquire as a result
senseval3.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the given context is:1) be fully aware or cogn
senseval3.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gave" in the context of the sentence is:11) give or
senseval3.d000.s031.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the given context is:1) stay in one place and
senseval3.d000.s031.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answer" in the given context is:3) the speech act of replying
senseval3.d000.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seem" in the given context is:1) give a certain impression or
senseval3.d000.s031.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wink" in the context of the given sentence is:1) signal by
senseval3.d000.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the given context is:6) do something repeatedly and
senseval3.d000.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stare" in the given context is:1) look at with fixed eyes
senseval3.d000.s032.t001	In the context of the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh," the most suitable dictionary definition for "weak" is
senseval3.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laugh" in the context of the sentence "Haney managed a weak laugh"
senseval3.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the sentence "Guess I can't think of
senseval3.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Thanks" in the given context is:1) an acknowledgment of appreciation
senseval3.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "faint" in the context of the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man
senseval3.d000.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crease" in the given sentence is:1) an angular or rounded shape
senseval3.d000.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeared" in the context of the sentence "A faint crease appeared between the man
senseval3.d000.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the sentence "I think you are not taking me seriously
senseval3.d000.s036.t001	In the context of the sentence "I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil," the most suitable dictionary definition for
senseval3.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meant" in the context of the sentence "I meant it" is:
senseval3.d000.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the context of the sentence "And everybody has some kind of grudge"
senseval3.d000.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the sentence "I might have got hit by that truck
senseval3.d000.s039.t001	In the given sentence, "I might have got hit by that truck if it wasn't for you," the term
senseval3.d000.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returning" in the context of the sentence "I believe in returning favors" is
senseval3.d000.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favors" in the context of the sentence "I believe in returning favors"
senseval3.d000.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like
senseval3.d000.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the context of the sentence "I'll do anything for somebody I like
senseval3.d000.s042.t000	In the given sentence, "It won't cost you a cent, Phil," the word "cost" refers to the
senseval3.d000.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "try" in the context of the given sentence "Go ahead and try me" is:
senseval3.d000.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rubbed" in the context of the sentence "Phil rubbed his forehead
senseval3.d000.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forehead" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the face
senseval3.d000.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the context of the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly
senseval3.d000.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woolly" in the context of the sentence "He was beginning to feel woolly
senseval3.d000.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "Maybe it would be better to humor the gu
senseval3.d000.s046.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exit" in the context of the sentence "Maybe it would be better to humor the gu
senseval3.d000.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the given sentence is:3) look forward to the probable occurrence
senseval3.d000.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the sentence "He really didn't expect anything to come
senseval3.d000.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d000.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conceded" in the given sentence is:2) be willing to conced
senseval3.d000.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
senseval3.d000.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keeps" in the context of the given sentence is:2) continue a
senseval3.d000.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "riding" in the context of the given sentence is:10) sit
senseval3.d000.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "like" in the given sentence is:2) find enjoyable or agreeable
senseval3.d000.s049.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "listen" in the context of the given sentence is:2) listen and pay
senseval3.d000.s049.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "radio" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an electronic receiver
senseval3.d000.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sing" in the context of the sentence "He keeps riding me because I like to
senseval3.d000.s049.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bath" in the given sentence is:2) you soak and was
senseval3.d000.s050.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "says" in the context of the given sentence is:9) state as
senseval3.d000.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "neighbors" in the given sentence is:1) a person who
senseval3.d000.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complain" in the given sentence is:1) express complaints, dis
senseval3.d000.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the context of the sentence "He says the neighbors complain,
senseval3.d000.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tell" in the context of the given sentence is:2) let something
senseval3.d000.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothers" in the context of the given sentence is:2) cause anno
senseval3.d000.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "closed" in the context of the sentence "The man closed his eyes" is:
senseval3.d000.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the context of the sentence "The man closed his eyes and nod
senseval3.d000.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:1) give a certain impression or
senseval3.d000.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Fine" in the given context is:1) an expression of agreement normally
senseval3.d000.s055.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Give" in the context of the sentence "Give me your address" is:
senseval3.d000.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "address" in the given sentence "Give me your address" is:2
senseval3.d000.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the sentence "It will take a little time" is:2
senseval3.d000.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the sentence "It will take a little time" is:
senseval3.d000.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire
senseval3.d000.s057.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:1) consider in
senseval3.d000.s057.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "habits" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (ps
senseval3.d000.s057.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "movements" in the context of the given sentence is:11) the
senseval3.d000.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "You see, I always make it look like
senseval3.d000.s058.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "You see, I always make it look like
senseval3.d000.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suicide" in the given sentence is:1) the act of killing
senseval3.d000.s059.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looks" in the context of the sentence "Maybe suicide, if it looks reasonable
senseval3.d000.s060.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a source
senseval3.d000.s061.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flew" in the context of the sentence "Haney's ey
senseval3.d000.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the sentence "Pete smiled modestly" is:
senseval3.d000.s064.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:8) utter aloud
senseval3.d000.s065.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the given sentence is:1) a unit of time equal
senseval3.d000.s065.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney could
senseval3.d000.s065.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s065.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood up" in the context of the sentence "Five minutes later, before Haney
senseval3.d000.s065.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the context of the sentence "Five minutes later, before Han
senseval3.d000.s065.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "farewell" in the given sentence is:1) an acknowledgment or expression
senseval3.d000.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watched" in the given sentence is:4) observe with attention
senseval3.d000.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the context of the sentence "Haney watched the small but wiry
senseval3.d000.s066.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in the context of the given sentence is:1) lean and
senseval3.d000.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:1) an adult person who is male
senseval3.d000.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slip" in the context of the given sentence is:1) move ste
senseval3.d000.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "door" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding
senseval3.d000.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:4) be conscious of a physical
senseval3.d000.s066.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:7) see or watch
senseval3.d000.s066.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) seem to
senseval3.d000.s066.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notice" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s066.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "departure" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval3.d000.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the context of the sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer
senseval3.d000.s067.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stay" in the context of the sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer
senseval3.d000.s067.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:5) the continuum of experience in
senseval3.d000.s067.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the sentence is:6) stretch out over
senseval3.d000.s067.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true,
senseval3.d000.s067.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the context of the given sentence is:1) being definitely
senseval3.d000.s067.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the sentence "Phil decided to stay a little longer
senseval3.d000.s067.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given context is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s067.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s067.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids
senseval3.d000.s067.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:3) a piece of furniture with
senseval3.d000.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "returned" in the given sentence is:1) go or come back to
senseval3.d000.s068.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "putting" in the context of the sentence "Some time before midnight he returned to
senseval3.d000.s068.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the context of the given sentence is:1) including all
senseval3.d000.s068.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incident" in the given sentence is:1) a single distinct event
senseval3.d000.s068.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mind" in the context of the sentence "Some time before midnight he returned to his
senseval3.d000.s069.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time or order
senseval3.d000.s069.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in time
senseval3.d000.s069.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hangover" in the given sentence is:1) disagreeable aftereffect
senseval3.d000.s069.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminded" in the given sentence is:1) put in the mind
senseval3.d000.s069.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and
senseval3.d000.s070.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hangover" in the given sentence is:1) disagreeable aftereffect
senseval3.d000.s070.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminded" in the given sentence is:1) put in the mind
senseval3.d000.s071.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the context of the given sentence is:1) change location
senseval3.d000.s071.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in time
senseval3.d000.s071.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the given sentence is:4) pass by
senseval3.d000.s071.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the context of the given sentence is:1) possessing
senseval3.d000.s071.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tenants" in the given context is:1) someone who pays rent to
senseval3.d000.s071.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an on
senseval3.d000.s071.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:4) the condition of living or the
senseval3.d000.s072.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ignored" in the context of the sentence "Phil shrugged and ignored
senseval3.d000.s074.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the context of the sentence "By Wednesday the landlord
senseval3.d000.s075.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mailed" in the given sentence is:1) send via the postal service
senseval3.d000.s075.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "check" in the context of the sentence "Of course On Thursday, Haney
senseval3.d000.s075.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "maintenance" in the context of the sentence is:3) court-
senseval3.d000.s075.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wished" in the given context is:4) feel or express a desire
senseval3.d000.s075.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s075.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "Of course On Thursday, Haney
senseval3.d000.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Coming" in the given sentence is:1) move toward, travel toward
senseval3.d000.s076.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d000.s076.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:3) the occupation for which you are
senseval3.d000.s076.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given sentence is:7) see or watchIn
senseval3.d000.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lobby" in the given sentence is:1) a large entrance or
senseval3.d000.s077.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d000.s077.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the context of the sentence "Inside the lobby, people were
senseval3.d000.s077.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talking" in the context of the sentence "Inside the lobby,
senseval3.d000.s078.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spine" in the given sentence is:1) the series of vertebra
senseval3.d000.s078.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crawled" in the given sentence is:1) move slowly; in
senseval3.d000.s078.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "premonition" in the given sentence is:2) an early warning about
senseval3.d000.s078.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "asked" in the given sentence is:5) address a question to and
senseval3.d000.s078.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fellow" in the context of the sentence "His spine crawled with a
senseval3.d000.s078.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tenants" in the given sentence is:3) any occupant who dwell
senseval3.d000.s078.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happened" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur,
senseval3.d000.s079.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "died" in the context of the sentence "The landlord had died" is
senseval3.d000.s080.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "afternoon" in the given sentence is:1) the part of the day
senseval3.d000.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seemed" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true,
senseval3.d000.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fallen" in the context of the sentence "Late that afternoon, it seemed,
senseval3.d000.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the given sentence is:1) a protective covering that
senseval3.d000.s080.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obscure" in the context of the sentence "Late that afternoon, it seemed
senseval3.d000.s082.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "witnessed" in the given sentence is:1) be a witness
senseval3.d000.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fall" in the given sentence is:11) a free and rapid descent
senseval3.d000.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given sentence is:1) the striking of one body
senseval3.d000.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given sentence is:4) an individual 3-dimensional
senseval3.d000.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smashed" in the context of the given sentence is:10) break
senseval3.d000.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pavement" in the given sentence is:1) the paved surface
senseval3.d000.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basement" in the given sentence is:1) the lowermost portion
senseval3.d000.s082.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "delivery" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act
senseval3.d000.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "entrance" in the given sentence is:1) something that provides access (
senseval3.d000.s083.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s083.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:4) be conscious of a physical
senseval3.d000.s083.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blood" in the given sentence is:1) the fluid (red in
senseval3.d000.s083.t007	In the given sentence, "Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden pallor, as he felt the blood d
senseval3.d000.s083.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cheeks" in the given sentence is:1) either side of the face
senseval3.d000.s084.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muttered" in the given sentence is:1) talk indistinctly
senseval3.d000.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "terrible" in the given sentence is:3) intensely or extremely bad
senseval3.d000.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:8) walk at a pace
senseval3.d000.s084.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deliberate" in the given sentence is:1) carefully thought out
senseval3.d000.s084.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slowness" in the given sentence is:2) a rate demonstrating an
senseval3.d000.s084.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elevator" in the given sentence is:1) lifting device consisting
senseval3.d000.s085.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poured" in the context of the sentence "Once inside his apartment, he pou
senseval3.d000.s085.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the context of the given sentence is:3) any liquid
senseval3.d000.s085.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the given sentence is:14) physical assistance
senseval3.d000.s085.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flopped" in the context of the sentence "Once inside his apartment, he
senseval3.d000.s085.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chair" in the context of the sentence "Once inside his apartment, he pou
senseval3.d000.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the given sentence is:4) be conscious of a physical
senseval3.d000.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bothered" in the context of the given sentence is:3) to
senseval3.d000.s086.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the context of the sentence "After a while he began to feel better about
senseval3.d000.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a sentence of
senseval3.d000.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the given sentence is:1) an event that might
senseval3.d000.s089.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s090.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happy" in the given sentence is:1) enjoying or showing or
senseval3.d000.s090.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lousy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) very
senseval3.d000.s091.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:15) get something; come into
senseval3.d000.s091.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the given sentence is:2) primary social group
senseval3.d000.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suffered" in the context of the given sentence is:10)
senseval3.d000.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given context is:6) speak, pronounce,
senseval3.d000.s092.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the context of the given sentence is:1) cause to
senseval3.d000.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given context is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the context of the sentence "Really, he said to himself,
senseval3.d000.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean
senseval3.d000.s093.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mean" in the context of the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean what
senseval3.d000.s093.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the context of the sentence "So you thought I didn't mean
senseval3.d000.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s094.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "large" in the context of the sentence "The stranger's eyes were large and sad
senseval3.d000.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sad" in the given context is:1) experiencing or showing sorrow
senseval3.d000.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hurt" in the context of the sentence "The stranger's eyes were large and
senseval3.d000.s095.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dream" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a series
senseval3.d000.s095.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dream" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a series
senseval3.d000.s095.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beginning" in the context of the sentence "It was like a recurrent, anno
senseval3.d000.s095.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overtones" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
senseval3.d000.s095.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nightmare" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
senseval3.d000.s096.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the context of the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not
senseval3.d000.s096.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dream" in the context of the sentence "However, Haney knew it was not
senseval3.d000.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tight" in the context of the sentence "He might be very tight, but he
senseval3.d000.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knew" in the context of the sentence "He might be very tight, but he
senseval3.d000.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the given sentence is:1) same in identityIn
senseval3.d000.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bar" in the given sentence is:1) a room or establishment where alco
senseval3.d000.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
senseval3.d000.s098.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:7) the time between sunset and
senseval3.d000.s098.t004	In the given sentence, "It was the same bar, and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night, when he had
senseval3.d000.s098.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "excuse" in the given sentence is:1) a defense of some
senseval3.d000.s098.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drink" in the context of the given sentence is:2) consume alco
senseval3.d000.s098.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in the given context is:1) occurring or encountered or
senseval3.d000.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be se
senseval3.d000.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "usual" in the given sentence is:1) occurring or encountered or
senseval3.d000.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:9) a projecting part where
senseval3.d000.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lush" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) (in
senseval3.d000.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s099.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talkative" in the given context is:3) friendly and open and
senseval3.d000.s099.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friendly" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) inclined
senseval3.d000.s100.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enjoying" in the given sentence is:1) derive or receive pleasure
senseval3.d000.s100.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ritual" in the given sentence is:1) any customary observance
senseval3.d000.s100.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "washing down" in the given sentence is:1) eat food accompanied
senseval3.d000.s100.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pet" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a special loved
senseval3.d000.s100.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the given sentence is:3) a complaint about
senseval3.d000.s100.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bourbon" in the given sentence is:2) whiskey distilled from
senseval3.d000.s100.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "water" in the context of the sentence is:6) a liquid necessary for
senseval3.d000.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the context of the sentence "This favorite grievance was not
senseval3.d000.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the context of the sentence "This favorite grievance was not
senseval3.d000.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forgotten" in the context of the sentence "He had already quite forgotten about
senseval3.d000.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mentioned" in the given sentence is:1) make reference to2
senseval3.d000.s104.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "real" in the context of the sentence "His real grievance was Lolly
senseval3.d000.s104.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "grievance" in the context of the sentence "His real grievance was
senseval3.d000.s105.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the concluding
senseval3.d000.s105.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "making" in the context of the sentence is:16) perform or carry
senseval3.d000.s105.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wet" in the context of the sentence "Toward the end of his fourth
senseval3.d000.s105.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rings" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a rig
senseval3.d000.s105.t006	In the context of the sentence, "bottom" refers to the lower side or part of the glass that is making contact with
senseval3.d000.s105.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids
senseval3.d000.s105.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the given sentence is:1) enter or assume a certain
senseval3.d000.s105.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aware" in the given sentence is:1) having or showing knowledge or understanding
senseval3.d000.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention;
senseval3.d000.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given sentence is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting" in the context of the sentence "He looked up with bloodshot eyes and
senseval3.d000.s106.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given context is:2) a piece of furniture having
senseval3.d000.s106.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiling" in the context of the given sentence is:1) change one
senseval3.d000.s106.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "secret" in the context of the sentence provided is:8) (of information
senseval3.d000.s107.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s107.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "name" in the given context is:1) a language unit by which a
senseval3.d000.s107.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence "He hadn't even noticed -- what
senseval3.d000.s107.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sit down" in the given sentence is:1) take a seat
senseval3.d000.s108.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s108.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncanny" in the given sentence is:1) suggesting the operation of super
senseval3.d000.s108.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in the context of the given sentence is:3) something existing in
senseval3.d000.s108.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence "The man was uncanny, like a
senseval3.d000.s108.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noise" in the context of the sentence "The man was uncanny, like
senseval3.d000.s108.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shadow" in the context of the given sentence is:3) something existing in
senseval3.d000.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shrinking" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking
senseval3.d000.s109.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trapped" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out
senseval3.d000.s109.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a project
senseval3.d000.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wiry" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) lean and
senseval3.d000.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt like shrinking out
senseval3.d000.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the given sentence is:1) take the first step or
senseval3.d000.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wish" in the given sentence is:4) feel or express a desire
senseval3.d000.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shouted" in the given sentence is:1) utter in a loud
senseval3.d000.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the
senseval3.d000.s110.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle
senseval3.d000.s110.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bore down" in the context of the given sentence is:4) ex
senseval3.d000.s110.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crossing" in the given sentence is:5) a path (often
senseval3.d000.s111.t000	In the context of the given sentence, "Was he going to be saddled from now on with a creep
senseval3.d000.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "creep" in the context of the given sentence is:1) someone
senseval3.d000.s112.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d000.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the context of the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some
senseval3.d000.s112.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s112.t003	In the context of the sentence "He 'd have to start going to some of the other places again," the most suitable
senseval3.d000.s113.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the context of the sentence "In a low voice, almost whispering,
senseval3.d000.s113.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voice" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a sound suggest
senseval3.d000.s113.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given sentence is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s113.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "asked" in the given context is:5) address a question to and
senseval3.d000.s113.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) enjoying
senseval3.d000.s113.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval3.d000.s114.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the given sentence is:4) cause to do
senseval3.d000.s114.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mistake" in the given sentence is:1) a wrong action att
senseval3.d000.s114.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "answering" in the context of the given sentence is:1) react verb
senseval3.d000.s114.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval3.d000.s114.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be fully
senseval3.d000.s114.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "skepticism" in the context of the given sentence is:1) doubt
senseval3.d000.s114.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the context of the sentence is:6) give expression to
senseval3.d000.s114.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the context of the sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on
senseval3.d000.s114.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voice" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the distinctive
senseval3.d000.s115.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "became" in the context of the sentence "Pete frowned slightly, then
senseval3.d000.s115.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sad" in the context of the sentence "Pete frowned slightly, then
senseval3.d000.s115.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moody" in the given sentence is:2) subject to sharply varying
senseval3.d000.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the sentence "Haney didn't want to
senseval3.d000.s116.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "encourage" in the context of the given sentence is:2) insp
senseval3.d000.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:5) a social or business visitor
senseval3.d000.s116.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given context is:4) be conscious of a physical
senseval3.d000.s116.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "buy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) obtain by
senseval3.d000.s116.t005	In the context of the given sentence, "Haney didn't want to encourage his company, but felt
senseval3.d000.s116.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:2) stop (someone or something
senseval3.d000.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:1) capable of happening or existing
senseval3.d000.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a source
senseval3.d000.s117.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the sentence "But there was no trouble" would be
senseval3.d000.s118.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s118.t002	In the context of the given sentence, "The guy sulked over his drink, obviously upset by Haney '
senseval3.d000.s118.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upset" in the context of the given sentence is:2) cause to
senseval3.d000.s118.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appreciation" in the context of the given sentence is:3) an
senseval3.d000.s119.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "break" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence,
senseval3.d000.s119.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uncomfortable" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfort
senseval3.d000.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "silence" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence
senseval3.d000.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence
senseval3.d000.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talk" in the context of the sentence "To break the uncomfortable silence
senseval3.d000.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinks" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the act
senseval3.d000.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complaining" in the context of the given sentence is:1) express
senseval3.d000.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the subject matter
senseval3.d000.s120.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a unit
senseval3.d000.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given context is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d000.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the given context is:3) the power of attracting
senseval3.d000.s120.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given context is:4) make visible or noticeable
senseval3.d000.s120.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alert" in the context of the given sentence is:3) mentally per
senseval3.d000.s120.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the context of the sentence is:2) the feelings expressed on
senseval3.d000.s120.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bright" in the context of the sentence provided is:9) characterized
senseval3.d000.s120.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the given context is:1) the organ of sight
senseval3.d000.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paused" in the given sentence is:2) cease an action tempor
senseval3.d000.s121.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moisten" in the given sentence is:1) make moist
senseval3.d000.s121.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "throat" in the given sentence is:4) the part of an
senseval3.d000.s121.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence is:2) an individual that one is
senseval3.d000.s121.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "broke in" in the context of the given sentence is:2) break
senseval3.d000.s122.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pay" in the context of the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is:
senseval3.d000.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bills" in the context of the sentence "But why pay her bills?" is
senseval3.d000.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not the same
senseval3.d000.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "men" in the context of the given sentence is:8) a male person
senseval3.d000.s123.t004	In the context of the sentence, "If she runs around with other men, and if you hate her as you say,"
senseval3.d000.s123.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "divorce" in the context of the given sentence is:2) get
senseval3.d000.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bitch" in the given context is:2) a person (usually
senseval3.d000.s125.t001	In the given sentence, "That bitch would love a divorce," the most suitable dictionary definition for "love"
senseval3.d000.s126.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence "Then she'd get half of everything I
senseval3.d000.s126.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of
senseval3.d000.s126.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:15) get something; come into
senseval3.d000.s127.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the context of the sentence "Community property deal -- you know."
senseval3.d000.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "business" in the context of the sentence "I'd have to sell out my
senseval3.d000.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "share" in the context of the given sentence is:1) assets belonging to
senseval3.d000.s130.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nodded" in the context of the sentence "Pete nodded understandingly"
senseval3.d000.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "Now I see" is:7
senseval3.d000.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in the context of the given sentence is:1) know and
senseval3.d000.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:2) the way something is with respect
senseval3.d000.s134.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the context of the sentence "I came out here to retire"
senseval3.d000.s134.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retire" in the context of the sentence "I came out here to retire"
senseval3.d000.s135.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "That's why I -- why I do
senseval3.d000.s135.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "free" in the context of the sentence "That's why I -- why I do
senseval3.d000.s135.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "job" in the given sentence is:1) the principal activity in your life
senseval3.d000.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "told" in the context of the sentence "You should have told me about her before
senseval3.d000.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:4) be conscious of a physical
senseval3.d000.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "twinge" in the given sentence is:1) a sudden sharp feeling
senseval3.d000.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "annoyance" in the given sentence is:1) the psychological state
senseval3.d000.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the given sentence is:1) perceive (sound)
senseval3.d000.s137.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiar" in the context of the sentence "Haney felt a twinge of
senseval3.d000.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wild" in the context of the sentence "Then a wild thought ran circles through his
senseval3.d000.s138.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the given sentence is:1) the content of cognition
senseval3.d000.s138.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouded" in the context of the given sentence is:3) mentally
senseval3.d000.s138.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brain" in the context of the given sentence is:1) that part
senseval3.d000.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Suppose" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or
senseval3.d000.s139.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suppose" in the given sentence is:2) expect, believe, or
senseval3.d000.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guy" in the given sentence is:1) an informal term for
senseval3.d000.s139.t003	In the given sentence, "said" is used to report or maintain someone's claim or statement. Therefore, the
senseval3.d000.s140.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "professional" in the context of the sentence "A retired professional killer" would be
senseval3.d000.s140.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "killer" in the context of the sentence "A retired professional killer" is:
senseval3.d000.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nut" in the given sentence is:5) a whimsically eccent
senseval3.d000.s141.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harm" in the given sentence is:3) the act of damaging something
senseval3.d000.s141.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "done" in the context of the sentence "If he was just a nut, no harm
senseval3.d000.s142.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "But if he was the real thing, he
senseval3.d000.s143.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given sentence is:4) be conscious of a physical
senseval3.d000.s143.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cunning" in the given sentence is:2) marked by skill in de
senseval3.d000.s143.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proud" in the context of the given sentence is:1) feeling self
senseval3.d000.s143.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "played" in the context of the given sentence is:15) put
senseval3.d000.s143.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given sentence is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d000.s143.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "man" in the given context is:3) the generic use of the word
senseval3.d000.s143.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "soft spot" in the given sentence is:1) a place of especial vulner
senseval3.d000.s144.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offense" in the given sentence is:1) a lack of politeness
senseval3.d000.s144.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intended" in the context of the sentence "No offense intended, he said g
senseval3.d000.s144.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:6) speak, pronounce,
senseval3.d000.s146.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suspect" in the context of the given sentence is:1) imagine
senseval3.d000.s146.t002	In the context of the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a thing, and I thought it was a coincidence
senseval3.d000.s146.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "The cops didn't suspect a
senseval3.d000.s146.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coincidence" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the
senseval3.d000.s147.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the sentence "After all, I didn't know you
senseval3.d000.s150.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is
senseval3.d000.s150.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "managed" in the context of the sentence "But if you say you managed it" is
senseval3.d000.s151.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stranger" in the given sentence, "The stranger was hooked," is:
senseval3.d000.s151.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hooked" in the context of the sentence "The stranger was hooked" is:
senseval3.d000.s152.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "eyes" in the context of the sentence "His eyes burned feverish
senseval3.d000.s152.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burned" in the context of the sentence "His eyes burned feverish
senseval3.d000.s153.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "muttered" in the given sentence is:1) talk indistinctly
senseval3.d000.s154.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the context of the sentence "Of course it looked like an accident"
senseval3.d000.s155.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
senseval3.d000.s155.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:4) a suitable momentIn
senseval3.d000.s155.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the context of the sentence "I always work it that way -- and always
senseval3.d000.s155.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alibi" in the given sentence is:1) (law) a
senseval3.d000.s156.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Let" in the context of the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil." is:
senseval3.d000.s156.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prove" in the context of the sentence "Let me prove it, Phil." is
senseval3.d000.s157.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the sentence "I think I can manage one more favor
senseval3.d000.s157.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the context of the sentence "I think I can manage one more favor
senseval3.d000.s158.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waited" in the context of the sentence "He waited eagerly" is:
senseval3.d000.s159.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liquor" in the given sentence is:1) an alcoholic be
senseval3.d000.s159.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bottom" in the context of the sentence "Haney swished the liquor in
senseval3.d000.s159.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the given sentence is:2) a container for holding liquids
senseval3.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rout" in the given context is:2) an overwhelming defeat
senseval3.d001.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backed" in the context of the given sentence is:3) give support
senseval3.d001.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s000.t007	In the given sentence, the term "candidate" refers to a person who is running for public office. Therefore,
senseval3.d001.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reminder" in the given context is:1) a message that helps you
senseval3.d001.s000.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "federal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) national
senseval3.d001.s000.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a relative position
senseval3.d001.s000.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "political" in the given context is:1) involving or characteristic of politics
senseval3.d001.s000.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:1) earlier than the present time
senseval3.d001.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the given sentence is:1) a vote to select the
senseval3.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
senseval3.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nation" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
senseval3.d001.s001.t007	In the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "choose" would be:1) pick out, select
senseval3.d001.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an organization to
senseval3.d001.s001.t010	In the given sentence, the term "candidate" refers to a person who is running for a specific position, in
senseval3.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "percentage" in the given sentence is:1) a proportion in relation to
senseval3.d001.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "equals" in the given sentence is:1) be identical or equivalent to
senseval3.d001.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the given sentence is:1) be cognizant or aware
senseval3.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tend" in the given sentence is:1) have a tendency or
senseval3.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the context of the given sentence is:1) promote over
senseval3.d001.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any competition
senseval3.d001.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the person
senseval3.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a vote
senseval3.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:1) earlier than the present time
senseval3.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "percentage" in the given context is:1) a proportion in relation to
senseval3.d001.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of greater importance
senseval3.d001.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an organization to
senseval3.d001.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the context of the given sentence is:1) regarded with
senseval3.d001.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vote" in the given context is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the given sentence is:2) the person who holds the
senseval3.d001.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seats" in the context of the given sentence is:7) the legal
senseval3.d001.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the context of the given sentence is:1) regarded with
senseval3.d001.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vote" in the given context is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opposite" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
senseval3.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accounts for" in the given sentence is:1) be the reason or
senseval3.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
senseval3.d001.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recent" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of the
senseval3.d001.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 1
senseval3.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:2) easy and not
senseval3.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "partial" in the context of the given sentence is:1) being or affect
senseval3.d001.s007.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "displayed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) to show
senseval3.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Americans" in the given sentence is:1) a native or inhabit
senseval3.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the given sentence is:7) the act of assuming
senseval3.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brands" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a recogn
senseval3.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "political" in the given context is:2) of or relating to
senseval3.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agents" in the given context is:2) a representative who acts on
senseval3.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval3.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brand" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a recognizable
senseval3.d001.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minimalist" in the context of the given sentence is:2) advoc
senseval3.d001.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a politically
senseval3.d001.s009.t011	In the context of the given sentence, "virtues" refers to admirable qualities or attributes that are associated with
senseval3.d001.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "private" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerning one person
senseval3.d001.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "markets" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the world
senseval3.d001.s009.t014	In the given sentence, "vices" refers to the negative aspects or downsides associated with the pursuit of private
senseval3.d001.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given context is:1) not private; open to or
senseval3.d001.s009.t016	In the context of the sentence provided, "action" refers to the process or activities carried out by a government body or su
senseval3.d001.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the given context is:2) belong to or
senseval3.d001.s009.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brand" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a recognizable
senseval3.d001.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given context is:1) not private; open to or
senseval3.d001.s009.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intervention" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
senseval3.d001.s009.t024	In the given sentence, "remedy" refers to a solution or action taken to alleviate or correct a problem or
senseval3.d001.s009.t025	The most suitable dictionary definition for "excesses" in the context of the given sentence is:2) im
senseval3.d001.s009.t026	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendant" in the given context is:2) following or accompanying
senseval3.d001.s009.t027	In the context of the sentence, "pursuit" refers to the act of seeking or striving towards a goal
senseval3.d001.s009.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition for "private" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerning one person
senseval3.d001.s009.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (law
senseval3.d001.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given context is:3) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given context is:8) organize or be responsible for
senseval3.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibilities" in the given context is:2) the proper sphere or
senseval3.d001.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "voting" in the given context is:1)
senseval3.d001.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the given context is:7) a job in an organization
senseval3.d001.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dealing" in the context of the given sentence is:10) direct
senseval3.d001.s010.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerned with
senseval3.d001.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the context of the sentence is:3) some situation or event
senseval3.d001.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the given sentence is:9) an act by
senseval3.d001.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "casting" in the context of the sentence is:1) put or send
senseval3.d001.s010.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given context is:1) a choice that is made
senseval3.d001.s010.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "legislation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) law
senseval3.d001.s010.t015	In the context of the sentence, "imposes something unpleasant" is the most suitable dictionary definition for "imposes
senseval3.d001.s010.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "costs" in the given context is:1) the total spent for goods
senseval3.d001.s010.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confers" in the given context is:2) presentIn the
senseval3.d001.s010.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
senseval3.d001.s010.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "population" in the given context is:4) the number of inhabitants (
senseval3.d001.s010.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attending" in the context of the given sentence is:1) get down
senseval3.d001.s010.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s010.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the context of the sentence is:3) some situation or event
senseval3.d001.s010.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the context of the sentence is:1) work done by one
senseval3.d001.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:1) relating to or
senseval3.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given sentence is:3) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s011.t003	In the given sentence, "belief" refers to a specific cognitive content that Republican congressional representatives hold as
senseval3.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minimalist" in the context of the given sentence is:2) advoc
senseval3.d001.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a politically
senseval3.d001.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) disposed
senseval3.d001.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) carry out
senseval3.d001.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval3.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumptions" in the given context is:7) the act of assuming
senseval3.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the context of the given sentence is:13) remain in
senseval3.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any competition
senseval3.d001.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "face" in the context of the given sentence is:1) deal with (
senseval3.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the given sentence is:15) get something
senseval3.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d001.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lean" in the context of the given sentence is:3) have a t
senseval3.d001.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval3.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "put" in the context of the given sentence is:1) put into a
senseval3.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the given sentence is:4) (of a government or government
senseval3.d001.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acquire" in the context of the given sentence is:1) come into
senseval3.d001.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
senseval3.d001.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) keep from happening
senseval3.d001.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bringing home the bacon" in the given context is:1)
senseval3.d001.s014.t001	In the context of the sentence "Each legislator, after all, is only one out of 535 when it
senseval3.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerned with
senseval3.d001.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a plan of
senseval3.d001.s014.t004	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act of creating or formulating national policy. Therefore, the most suitable
senseval3.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any competition
senseval3.d001.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the given sentence is:1) a positive motivational
senseval3.d001.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lean" in the context of the given sentence is:3) have a t
senseval3.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the given sentence is:3) the chief executive of a
senseval3.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limit" in the context of the given sentence is:1) place limits on
senseval3.d001.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s016.t003	In the given sentence, "benefits" refers to advantages or positive outcomes that are provided to a particular district or
senseval3.d001.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the context of the given sentence is:1) unique or
senseval3.d001.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the given sentence is:3) the chief executive of a
senseval3.d001.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given context is:1) has a good chance of being
senseval3.d001.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the given context is:2) able to accomplish a purpose
senseval3.d001.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "preventing" in the given context is:2) stop (someone or
senseval3.d001.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s016.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given sentence is:1) relating to or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s016.t017	In the given sentence, "benefits" refers to advantages or positive outcomes that are provided to a particular district or
senseval3.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the context of the given sentence is:4) concerning one
senseval3.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) social or financial
senseval3.d001.s017.t003	In the given sentence, "The individual voter's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes," the
senseval3.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:2) easy and not
senseval3.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the context of the given sentence is:4) seem to
senseval3.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explain" in the context of the sentence "While this theory is exceedingly simple
senseval3.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (
senseval3.d001.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the context of the given sentence is:8) an entity
senseval3.d001.s019.t000	In the given sentence, "increased" refers to the growth or expansion of ticket splitting behavior over time. Therefore,
senseval3.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence is:20) make use
senseval3.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:1) earlier than the present time
senseval3.d001.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a vote
senseval3.d001.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the person
senseval3.d001.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) arrival that
senseval3.d001.s019.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given context is:1) the organization that is
senseval3.d001.s019.t010	In the context of the sentence, "occupied" refers to the role or function that the government had in society. Therefore
senseval3.d001.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval3.d001.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "society" in the given context is:1) an extended social group having
senseval3.d001.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given context is:1) a state of difficulty that needs
senseval3.d001.s019.t014	In the context of the given sentence, "confronting" refers to dealing with a situation or problem directly and head-
senseval3.d001.s019.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any competition
senseval3.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given context is:3) serve as a reason
senseval3.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hold" in the context of the sentence is:13) remain in a
senseval3.d001.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disdain" in the context of the given sentence is:1) lack
senseval3.d001.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "love" in the context of the given sentence is:1) have a
senseval3.d001.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d001.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the context of the given sentence is:3) characteristic of
senseval3.d001.s020.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constituents" in the given context is:2) a member of a
senseval3.d001.s020.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appreciate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) recognize
senseval3.d001.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specific" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (sometimes
senseval3.d001.s020.t013	In the context of the given sentence, "benefits" refers to something that aids or promotes well-be
senseval3.d001.s020.t015	In the context of the given sentence, "wins" refers to obtaining advantages or benefits for a specific group, in
senseval3.d001.s020.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overall" in the given context is:2) including everythingIn
senseval3.d001.s020.t017	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "cost" is:3) value measured
senseval3.d001.s020.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s020.t021	In the context of the sentence, "doing" refers to the actions taken by legislators on behalf of their constitu
senseval3.d001.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suggests" in the context of the given sentence is:3)
senseval3.d001.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerned with
senseval3.d001.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a plan of
senseval3.d001.s021.t006	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act that results in something coming to be. Specifically, it describes the
senseval3.d001.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" in the context of the given sentence is:1) estimated by comparison
senseval3.d001.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating to
senseval3.d001.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the sentence is:15) get something;
senseval3.d001.s021.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the given sentence is:4) (of a government or government
senseval3.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:1) one of the persons who compose
senseval3.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vulnerable" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d001.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "become" in the context of the given sentence is:1) enter or
senseval3.d001.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "immune" in the context of the given sentence is:2) secure against
senseval3.d001.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defeat" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
senseval3.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exception" in the given sentence is:2) an instance that does not conform
senseval3.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trend" in the given sentence is:1) a general direction in which
senseval3.d001.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defeat" in the given sentence is:1) an unsuccessful
senseval3.d001.s023.t004	In the given sentence, "freshman" refers to the new participants in the political context, specifically the newly elected Republic
senseval3.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brought" in the given sentence is:1) take something or somebody with
senseval3.d001.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the given sentence is:4) (of a government or government
senseval3.d001.s023.t008	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "revolution" is:1) a
senseval3.d001.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "running" in the context of the sentence is:9) run, stand,
senseval3.d001.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "freshmen" in the given sentence is:1) a first-year
senseval3.d001.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) place somebody
senseval3.d001.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emphasis" in the context of the given sentence is:1) special importance
senseval3.d001.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
senseval3.d001.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spreading" in the context of the sentence "Because these freshmen placed far more
senseval3.d001.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "revolution" in the context of the sentence is:1) a drastic
senseval3.d001.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerned with
senseval3.d001.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by
senseval3.d001.s024.t009	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act that results in something coming to be. Specifically, it describes the
senseval3.d001.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicates" in the context of the given sentence is:4) give
senseval3.d001.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attracting" in the context of the sentence "Fourth, the theory indicates
senseval3.d001.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the context of the given sentence is:7) a job in
senseval3.d001.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Potential" in the given sentence is:1) existing in possibility
senseval3.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discouraged" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "running" in the context of the given sentence is:9) run, stand
senseval3.d001.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prospect" in the given sentence is:1) the possibility of future success
senseval3.d001.s026.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defeat" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
senseval3.d001.s026.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s026.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opponent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "potential" in the given sentence is:1) existing in possibility
senseval3.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be fully
senseval3.d001.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "works" in the context of the given sentence is:15) have and
senseval3.d001.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hindered" in the context of the given sentence is:2) h
senseval3.d001.s027.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attempts" in the given sentence is:1) earnest and conscient
senseval3.d001.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competitive" in the context of the given sentence is:1) involving
senseval3.d001.s027.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "slate" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a list
senseval3.d001.s027.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "partial" in the context of the given sentence is:1) being or affect
senseval3.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an explanation of
senseval3.d001.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the given context is:2) belong to or
senseval3.d001.s029.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "held" in the context of the sentence is:13) remain in
senseval3.d001.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "share" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the allot
senseval3.d001.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "power" in the context of the given sentence is:1) possession of cont
senseval3.d001.s029.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (usually
senseval3.d001.s029.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "translate" in the context of the given sentence is:6) change the position
senseval3.d001.s029.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given context is:2) of or belonging to or characteristic
senseval3.d001.s029.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
senseval3.d001.s029.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "had" in the given sentence is:15) get something; come into
senseval3.d001.s029.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strong" in the context of the given sentence is:10) strong and
senseval3.d001.s029.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incentive" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d001.s029.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "keep" in the context of the given sentence is:16) raise
senseval3.d001.s029.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of
senseval3.d001.s029.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "office" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (of a
senseval3.d001.s030.t001	In the context of the given sentence, "suggests" is best defined by option 3) imply as a
senseval3.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the
senseval3.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fared" in the context of the given sentence is:1) proceed or
senseval3.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "races" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any competition
senseval3.d001.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "campaigns" in the context of the given sentence is:3) several
senseval3.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) concerned with
senseval3.d001.s031.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a plan of
senseval3.d001.s031.t005	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act of creating or producing something, specifically in the context of formulating
senseval3.d001.s031.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chamber" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a
senseval3.d001.s031.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expect" in the context of the given sentence is:3) look forward to
senseval3.d001.s031.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d001.s031.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) disposed
senseval3.d001.s031.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) carry out
senseval3.d001.s031.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s031.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s031.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "counterparts" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person
senseval3.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "empirical" in the context of the given sentence is:1) derived
senseval3.d001.s032.t001	In the context of the sentence "Is there any empirical support for this theory?", the most suitable dictionary definition for "
senseval3.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pieces" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a separate
senseval3.d001.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:1) your basis
senseval3.d001.s033.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the context of the given sentence is:7) the act
senseval3.d001.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "willing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) disposed
senseval3.d001.s033.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "engage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) carry out
senseval3.d001.s033.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating to
senseval3.d001.s033.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval3.d001.s033.t012	In the given sentence, "colleagues" refers to members of the same profession or class, specifically in the context of
senseval3.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "First" in the given context is:1) before anything elseIn
senseval3.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the context of the sentence is:4) establish after a calculation
senseval3.d001.s034.t006	In the context of the sentence, "personal" refers to something specific to an individual, particularly in relation to their staff
senseval3.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" in the given context is:1) personnel who assist their superior
senseval3.d001.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:1) a sum of money allocated
senseval3.d001.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given context is:1) a member of
senseval3.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given sentence is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "primary" in the context of the given sentence is:5) of primary importance
senseval3.d001.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duty" in the context of the given sentence is:2) work
senseval3.d001.s035.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) concerning or
senseval3.d001.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" in the context of the given sentence is:1) personnel who
senseval3.d001.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involves" in the context of the given sentence is:3) have
senseval3.d001.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating to
senseval3.d001.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicates" in the context of the given sentence is:4) give
senseval3.d001.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "political" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of or
senseval3.d001.s035.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "philosophy" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s035.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leads" in the context of the given sentence is:3) tend to
senseval3.d001.s035.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d001.s035.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "narrow" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) limited in
senseval3.d001.s035.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constituent" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
senseval3.d001.s035.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d001.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the context of the given sentence is:7) the act
senseval3.d001.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "valid" in the context of the given sentence is:1) well grounded
senseval3.d001.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of
senseval3.d001.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the given sentence is:15) get something
senseval3.d001.s036.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:1) the act of being present
senseval3.d001.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rates" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a magnitude
senseval3.d001.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made
senseval3.d001.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republicans" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
senseval3.d001.s036.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the given context is:1) the point or degree to
senseval3.d001.s036.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made
senseval3.d001.s036.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reflect" in the context of the given sentence is:1) manifest or bring
senseval3.d001.s036.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerned with
senseval3.d001.s036.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a plan of
senseval3.d001.s036.t017	In the given sentence, "making" is used in the context of "national policy making." Here, it refers to
senseval3.d001.s036.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made
senseval3.d001.s036.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a period of
senseval3.d001.s036.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devote" in the context of the given sentence is:1) give entirely
senseval3.d001.s036.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of or belonging
senseval3.d001.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicate" in the context of the given sentence is:4) give evidence
senseval3.d001.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:2) a special set of circumstances
senseval3.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democratic" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
senseval3.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) the number of people that
senseval3.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) a magnitude or frequency relative to
senseval3.d001.s038.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval3.d001.s038.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:3) the number of people that
senseval3.d001.s038.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rate" in the given sentence is:1) a magnitude or frequency relative to
senseval3.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence is:3) provide evidence for
senseval3.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a set of
senseval3.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the given sentence is:1) a member of
senseval3.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proportion" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the
senseval3.d001.s039.t005	In the context of the sentence, "personal" refers to the staff members who are assigned to work in district offices,
senseval3.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staffs" in the given context is:1) personnel who assist their
senseval3.d001.s039.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offices" in the context of the given sentence is:1) place of
senseval3.d001.s039.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "local" in the given context is:1) relating to or applicable to
senseval3.d001.s039.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duties" in the given context is:2) work that you are
senseval3.d001.s039.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerned with
senseval3.d001.s039.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a plan of
senseval3.d001.s039.t015	In the given sentence, "making" refers to the act of creating or producing something. Therefore, the most suitable dictionary definition
senseval3.d001.s039.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "activities" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any specific
senseval3.d001.s039.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" in the context of the given sentence is:1) estimated by comparison
senseval3.d001.s039.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offices" in the context of the given sentence is:1) place of
senseval3.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "examination" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval3.d001.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given context is:2) a relational difference between states
senseval3.d001.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) concerning or
senseval3.d001.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decisions" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
senseval3.d001.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "control" in the context of the given sentence is:1) power to direct
senseval3.d001.s040.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a group of
senseval3.d001.s040.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an organization to
senseval3.d001.s040.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reveals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make
senseval3.d001.s040.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) concerning or
senseval3.d001.s040.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "differences" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
senseval3.d001.s040.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noted" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make mention
senseval3.d001.s040.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a set of
senseval3.d001.s040.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attributed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) attribute or
senseval3.d001.s040.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "control" in the context of the given sentence is:1) power to direct
senseval3.d001.s040.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Democrats" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
senseval3.d001.s040.t017	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "exercise" is:2)
senseval3.d001.s040.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "status" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the relative position
senseval3.d001.s040.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s040.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "resources" in the given context is:1) available source of wealth; a
senseval3.d001.s040.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committee" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a special
senseval3.d001.s040.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staff" in the context of the given sentence is:1) personnel who
senseval3.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "piece" in the given context is:1) a separate part of a
senseval3.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the given context is:1) your basis for belief or
senseval3.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Holding" in the context of the given sentence is:13) remain
senseval3.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s041.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given context is:1) anything that contributes caus
senseval3.d001.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the context of the given sentence is:1) unvary
senseval3.d001.s041.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "incumbency" in the given context is:3) the office of
senseval3.d001.s041.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantages" in the given context is:1) the quality of having a
senseval3.d001.s041.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regional" in the given context is:2) related or limited to a
senseval3.d001.s041.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given context is:1) anything that contributes caus
senseval3.d001.s041.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the given context is:4) a significant change
senseval3.d001.s041.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "popular" in the context of the given sentence is:2) carried on
senseval3.d001.s041.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "votes" in the given context is:1) a choice that is made
senseval3.d001.s041.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the given context is:1) relating to or
senseval3.d001.s041.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presidential" in the given context is:1) relating to a
senseval3.d001.s041.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given sentence is:1) a politician who is
senseval3.d001.s041.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:1) the territory occupied by one of
senseval3.d001.s041.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conducting" in the given context is:1) direct the course of
senseval3.d001.s041.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a vote
senseval3.d001.s041.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "turns out" in the given context is:1) be shown or be
senseval3.d001.s041.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "positive" in the context of the given sentence is:8) reckoned
senseval3.d001.s041.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given context is:4) a relation such that one thing
senseval3.d001.s041.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an on
senseval3.d001.s041.t028	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given context is:7) the territory occupied by a nation
senseval3.d001.s041.t029	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progressive" in the given context is:3) (of taxes)
senseval3.d001.s041.t031	In the context of the sentence, "hits" is used metaphorically to describe the impact or effect of a
senseval3.d001.s041.t032	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the context of the given sentence is:1) greater than
senseval3.d001.s041.t034	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:1) the territory occupied by one of
senseval3.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Put" in the given sentence is:2) cause to be in a certain
senseval3.d001.s042.t001	In the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" is:1) a politician who
senseval3.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the person
senseval3.d001.s042.t003	In the given sentence, "looked on" refers to the act of considering or evaluating something, specifically how voters
senseval3.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval3.d001.s042.t006	In the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" is:1) a politician who
senseval3.d001.s042.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "severe" in the context of the given sentence is:6) very bad
senseval3.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appears" in the context of the given sentence is:4) seem to
senseval3.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "take" in the context of the given sentence is:10) pick out
senseval3.d001.s043.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the given sentence is:2) closely similar or
senseval3.d001.s043.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a relative position
senseval3.d001.s043.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "federal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of
senseval3.d001.s043.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a relative position
senseval3.d001.s044.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lines" in the context of the given sentence is:20) in games
senseval3.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reverse" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a relation of
senseval3.d001.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "investigation" in the given sentence is:2) the work of inqu
senseval3.d001.s045.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reveals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make
senseval3.d001.s045.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "holding" in the context of the sentence is:13) remain in
senseval3.d001.s045.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
senseval3.d001.s045.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the context of the given sentence is:6) an independent
senseval3.d001.s045.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "constant" in the context of the given sentence is:1) unvary
senseval3.d001.s045.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a significant
senseval3.d001.s045.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given context is:1) the territory occupied by one of
senseval3.d001.s045.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) of greater importance
senseval3.d001.s045.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "party" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an organization to
senseval3.d001.s045.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vote" in the given sentence is:1) a choice that is made by
senseval3.d001.s045.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "going" in the context of the sentence is:18) be in the
senseval3.d001.s045.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval3.d001.s045.t015	In the given sentence, the term "candidate" refers to a person who is running for a specific position, in
senseval3.d001.s045.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Republican" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
senseval3.d001.s045.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "share" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the part played
senseval3.d001.s045.t019	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the context of the sentence is:5) an official assembly having
senseval3.d001.s045.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "positive" in the context of the given sentence is:8) reckoned
senseval3.d001.s045.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
senseval3.d001.s045.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given context is:1) the territory occupied by one of
senseval3.d001.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "federal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of
senseval3.d001.s046.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a specific
senseval3.d001.s046.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the given sentence is:9) one of the
senseval3.d001.s046.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "irrational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not
senseval3.d001.s046.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (be
senseval3.d001.s046.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in the context of the given sentence is:1) to show,
senseval3.d001.s046.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rational" in the context of the given sentence is:1) consistent with
senseval3.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or
senseval3.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given sentence is:1) the time after sunset and
senseval3.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "devastating" in the context of the given sentence is:1) cause
senseval3.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "earthquake" in the given sentence is:1) shaking and
senseval3.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "residents" in the given sentence is:1) someone who lives at a
senseval3.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "searched" in the given sentence is:2) search or seek
senseval3.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comfort" in the context of the given sentence is:5) satisfaction or
senseval3.d002.s000.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solace" in the given sentence is:2) comfort in disappointment or
senseval3.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screen" in the context of the given sentence ("Some found it on the screen of a
senseval3.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "made" in the context of the sentence is:16) perform or carry
senseval3.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations
senseval3.d002.s002.t007	In the context of the sentence, "link" refers to connecting computers in a way that allows them to communicate with each other
senseval3.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computers" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations
senseval3.d002.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vivid" in the context of the given sentence is:1) evoking
senseval3.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the context of the given sentence is:16) come
senseval3.d002.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "electronic" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of
senseval3.d002.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subscribers" in the given sentence is:2) someone who contracts
senseval3.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "live" in the context of the sentence "About two-thirds of the Well '
senseval3.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a period
senseval3.d002.s005.t003	In the context of the sentence, "The Well came back up," the most suitable dictionary definition for "came" is
senseval3.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "teemed" in the given sentence is:1) be teeming,
senseval3.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emotional" in the context of the given sentence is:3) of
senseval3.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given context is:3) a short account of the
senseval3.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "electronic" in the context of the given sentence is:2) of
senseval3.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "traffic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the aggreg
senseval3.d002.s007.t000	In the given sentence, "The time is Pacific Daylight Time," the word "time" refers to a specific point or
senseval3.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Time" in the given sentence is:7) a reading of a point in
senseval3.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subscribers" in the given sentence is:2) someone who contracts
senseval3.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the given sentence is:5) avail oneself
senseval3.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "identify" in the context of the given sentence is:1) recognize as
senseval3.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "avenues" in the given sentence is:1) a line of approach
senseval3.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given context is:2) a structure consisting of a room
senseval3.d002.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "I was in the avenues, on
senseval3.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heart" in the given context is:1) the locus of feelings and
senseval3.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fallen" in the context of the given sentence is:32) come
senseval3.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poster" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a sign
senseval3.d002.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "frames" in the given context is:10) a framework that supports and
senseval3.d002.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a britt
senseval3.d002.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given context is:6) the lower inside surface of any
senseval3.d002.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "open" in the context of the sentence "file cabinets open or dumped onto the
senseval3.d002.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given context is:6) the lower inside surface of any
senseval3.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favorite" in the context of the sentence "I was in my favorite watering
senseval3.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the context of the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole
senseval3.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
senseval3.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "start" in the context of the sentence "I was in my favorite watering hole,
senseval3.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the given context is:3) perceive by a physical
senseval3.d002.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "begin" in the given sentence is:6) have a beginning, of a
senseval3.d002.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glanced" in the given sentence is:1) throw a glance at;
senseval3.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the given sentence is:2) a piece of furniture having
senseval3.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:2) nearest in space or position;
senseval3.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the given context is:1) change one's fa
senseval3.d002.s016.t007	In the given sentence, "guilty smile" refers to a smile that conveys a sense of acknowledgment or accept
senseval3.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouthed" in the given context is:2) articulate silently
senseval3.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "words" in the given context is:1) a unit of language that native
senseval3.d002.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth-quake" in the given context is:1) shaking
senseval3.d002.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal sense; being or
senseval3.d002.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes" in the context of the sentence "That's usually how long it takes
senseval3.d002.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pass" in the context of the sentence "That's usually how long it takes for
senseval3.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for
senseval3.d002.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence is:2) enter or assume a
senseval3.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the context of the given sentence is:9) begin or
senseval3.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) shake
senseval3.d002.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "child" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a young person
senseval3.d002.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "toy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an artifact
senseval3.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "block" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a three-
senseval3.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tossed" in the context of the given sentence is:4) move
senseval3.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "library" in the given sentence is:5) a building that houses a collection
senseval3.d002.s021.t001	In the context of the sentence "I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit," the most suitable dictionary definition for
senseval3.d002.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Endless" in the context of the given sentence is:1) tires
senseval3.d002.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:2) an indefinitely short time
senseval3.d002.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wondering" in the given sentence is:2) place in doubt or
senseval3.d002.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "windows" in the given sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal
senseval3.d002.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "buckle" in the context of the given sentence is:2) fol
senseval3.d002.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shower" in the context of the given sentence is:2) spray
senseval3.d002.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "glass" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a britt
senseval3.d002.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "books" in the given sentence is:2) physical objects consisting of a number
senseval3.d002.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fell" in the context of the sentence "Only a few books fell in the reading
senseval3.d002.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paint" in the given sentence is:1) a substance used as
senseval3.d002.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shop" in the given sentence is:1) a mercantile establishment for
senseval3.d002.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the given sentence is:3) the process of combustion
senseval3.d002.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) cause to go
senseval3.d002.s024.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cloud" in the given sentence is:1) any collection of particles (e
senseval3.d002.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "black" in the context of the sentence "Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil
senseval3.d002.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smoke" in the given sentence is:2) a hot vapor containing
senseval3.d002.s024.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "air" in the given sentence is:5) the mass of air surrounding the
senseval3.d002.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the sentence "My younger daughter and I are fine"
senseval3.d002.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shook" in the context of the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept
senseval3.d002.s028.t002	In the given sentence, "This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger," the phrase "like hell" is used
senseval3.d002.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the context of the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept
senseval3.d002.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "getting" in the context of the sentence "This building shook like hell and it kept getting
senseval3.d002.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exploding" in the context of the sentence is:9) burst and release
senseval3.d002.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burning" in the context of the sentence is:3) undergo comb
senseval3.d002.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given context is:8) an entity that is not
senseval3.d002.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peaceful" in the given sentence is:1) not disturbed by
senseval3.d002.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence, "A lot of car alarms went off,"
senseval3.d002.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "car" in the given sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with four whe
senseval3.d002.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alarms" in the context of the sentence "A lot of car alarms
senseval3.d002.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went off" in the context of the sentence "A lot of car alarms
senseval3.d002.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cats" in the given sentence is:1) feline mammal
senseval3.d002.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the sentence "The cats are fine, although nerv
senseval3.d002.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nervous" in the context of the sentence "The cats are fine, although nerv
senseval3.d002.s034.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the process of
senseval3.d002.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fill" in the context of the sentence "Areas that are made of `fill'
senseval3.d002.s035.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "liquefy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) become
senseval3.d002.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given sentence is:1) an adult female person (
senseval3.d002.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by `
senseval3.d002.s036.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walk" in the context of the given sentence is:1) use one'
senseval3.d002.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:1) a framework of wood or metal
senseval3.d002.s036.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:2) a structure consisting of a room
senseval3.d002.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "street" in the given context is:1) a thoroughfare (usually
senseval3.d002.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the given sentence is:8) a structure consisting of a room
senseval3.d002.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ground" in the context of the sentence "The house just settled right down into the ground
senseval3.d002.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "driving" in the context of the given sentence is:16)
senseval3.d002.s040.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "truck" in the given sentence is:1) an automotive vehicle
senseval3.d002.s040.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the context of the given sentence is:1) come to
senseval3.d002.s040.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "red light" in the given sentence is:2) the signal to stop
senseval3.d002.s040.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:4) the intersection of two streets
senseval3.d002.s040.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) hit against;
senseval3.d002.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into
senseval3.d002.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the context of the given sentence is:3) see or
senseval3.d002.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the context of the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines
senseval3.d002.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the given sentence is:19) the part
senseval3.d002.s041.t005	In the context of the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive
senseval3.d002.s041.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drive" in the context of the sentence "Worst part was watching power lines w
senseval3.d002.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ft." in the given context is:2) a linear unit of length equal
senseval3.d002.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pier" in the given sentence is:1) a platform built out from
senseval3.d002.s045.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dramatic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) suitable
senseval3.d002.s046.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hairline" in the context of the sentence "Many hairline cracks in the
senseval3.d002.s046.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cracks" in the context of the sentence "Many hairline cracks in the concrete
senseval3.d002.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ruined" in the context of the sentence "Ruined the damn fishing
senseval3.d002.s047.t001	In the given sentence, "Ruined the damn fishing!", the term "damn" is used as
senseval3.d002.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
senseval3.d002.s050.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:2) a structure consisting of a room
senseval3.d002.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heard" in the context of the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my
senseval3.d002.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parts" in the given sentence is:9) one of the portions into
senseval3.d002.s051.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the sentence "I heard parts of the building above my head
senseval3.d002.s051.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cracking" in the context of the sentence "I heard parts of the building above
senseval3.d002.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thought" in the context of the sentence "I actually thought that I might die"
senseval3.d002.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "die" in the context of the sentence "I actually thought that I might die" is
senseval3.d002.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decide" in the context of the given sentence is:1) reach,
senseval3.d002.s053.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the sentence "I couldn't decide if I should come
senseval3.d002.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d002.s053.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s053.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stilts" in the given sentence is:2) one of two st
senseval3.d002.s054.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decided" in the context of the sentence "I decided to brave the storm" is
senseval3.d002.s055.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smell" in the given sentence is:1) the sensation that results
senseval3.d002.s055.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gas" in the given sentence is:3) a volatile flammable
senseval3.d002.s055.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passed" in the context of the given sentence is:11) pass
senseval3.d002.s055.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crossing" in the context of the sentence "There was a horrible smell of
senseval3.d002.s056.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:7) see or watch
senseval3.d002.s056.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "clouds" in the given sentence is:2) a visible mass of water
senseval3.d002.s056.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:1) an indentation of a sh
senseval3.d002.s056.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fire" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the event of
senseval3.d002.s057.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence "I have felt many aftershocks
senseval3.d002.s058.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "back" in the context of the sentence "My back is still in knots and my
senseval3.d002.s058.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hands" in the context of the sentence "My back is still in knots and
senseval3.d002.s058.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of "My hands are still shaking" is:
senseval3.d002.s059.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "think" in the context of the sentence "I think a few of the aftersh
senseval3.d002.s059.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the context of the sentence "I think a few of the aftershock
senseval3.d002.s059.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of the sentence "I think a few of the aftersh
senseval3.d002.s062.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the sentence "I could see the flames from San Francisco
senseval3.d002.s062.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:1) a dwelling that serves as
senseval3.d002.s062.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bay" in the given sentence is:1) an indentation of a sh
senseval3.d002.s063.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the context of the sentence "It's hard to believe this really is
senseval3.d002.s063.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "believe" in the context of the sentence "It's hard to believe this really
senseval3.d002.s063.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the given sentence is:2) happen, occur,
senseval3.d002.s066.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a
senseval3.d002.s066.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "corner" in the given sentence is:9) a projecting part where
senseval3.d002.s066.t002	In the given sentence, "Building on the corner severely damaged," the term "damaged" refers to the
senseval3.d002.s066.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "an old lady and her very old mother"
senseval3.d002.s066.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lady" in the given context is:1) a polite name for
senseval3.d002.s066.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "an old lady and her very old mother"
senseval3.d002.s066.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mother" in the given sentence is:1) a woman who has given
senseval3.d002.s067.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Books" in the given sentence is:1) a written work or composition
senseval3.d002.s068.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typed" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of a
senseval3.d002.s068.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (of persons
senseval3.d002.s068.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "position" in the context of the sentence "This being typed in a standing position" is
senseval3.d002.s072.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feel" in the context of the sentence "Didn't feel a thing,
senseval3.d002.s072.t001	In the context of the sentence "Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird behavior," the word "
senseval3.d002.s072.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s072.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strange" in the context of the sentence "Didn't feel a thing,
senseval3.d002.s072.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bird" in the given sentence is:1) warm-blooded egg-
senseval3.d002.s072.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (ps
senseval3.d002.s073.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Duck" in the context of the sentence "Duck swarms" is:
senseval3.d002.s073.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swarms" in the context of the sentence "Duck swarms" would
senseval3.d002.s076.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "felt" in the context of the sentence "I just felt another aftershock a
senseval3.d002.s076.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a particular point
senseval3.d002.s077.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "numb" in the context of the sentence "I'm just numb" is
senseval3.d002.s080.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the given sentence is:2) seem to be true,
senseval3.d002.s080.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "Downtown Bolinas seems to be
senseval3.d002.s080.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "town" in the given sentence is:1) an urban area with a fixed
senseval3.d002.s081.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phones" in the given context is:1) electronic equipment that converts sound
senseval3.d002.s081.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mess" in the given context is:1) a state of confusion and dis
senseval3.d002.s081.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wine" in the given sentence is:1) fermented juice
senseval3.d002.s081.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floors" in the given context is:6) the lower inside surface
senseval3.d002.s081.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "big" in the context of the sentence "No power, minimal phones, and a
senseval3.d002.s081.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "old" in the context of the sentence "No power, minimal phones, and a
senseval3.d002.s082.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quivers" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a sh
senseval3.d002.s082.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something
senseval3.d002.s082.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a unit
senseval3.d002.s082.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "unpredictable" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not
senseval3.d002.s082.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intervals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a definite
senseval3.d002.s082.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mouse" in the given sentence is:1) any of numerous small rodents
senseval3.d002.s082.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "living" in the context of the sentence "The mouse that's been living in
senseval3.d002.s082.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "taken" in the context of the sentence "The mouse that's been living in
senseval3.d002.s082.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "refuge" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) a safe
senseval3.d002.s083.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distressed" in the given sentence is:4) afflicted with
senseval3.d002.s084.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolled" in the context of the sentence "I was in Stinson Beach when the qu
senseval3.d002.s084.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "town" in the given sentence is:1) an urban area with a fixed
senseval3.d002.s086.t000	In the context of the given sentence, "things" refers to the circumstances or events that are happening, which are causing
senseval3.d002.s086.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence "Then as things got rougher, we ran
senseval3.d002.s086.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ran" in the context of the sentence is:1) move fast by using
senseval3.d002.s086.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "door" in the given sentence is:1) a swinging or sliding
senseval3.d002.s086.t004	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "spent" is:1) pass
senseval3.d002.s086.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the context of the given sentence is:1) immediately following in
senseval3.d002.s086.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a unit
senseval3.d002.s086.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the context of the sentence provided would be:3) see
senseval3.d002.s086.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "brick" in the given sentence is:1) rectangular block of cl
senseval3.d002.s086.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feet" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the part
senseval3.d002.s086.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flowers" in the given context is:2) reproductive organ of
senseval3.d002.s086.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waving" in the context of the sentence is:3) move in a
senseval3.d002.s086.t016	In the context of the sentence, "rhythm" refers to a pattern or sequence of events occurring at regular intervals.
senseval3.d002.s087.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Amazing" in the given sentence is:1) surprising greatly
senseval3.d002.s087.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "does" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
senseval3.d002.s087.t002	In the given sentence, "one" refers to a single person or thing. The context implies that the actions (affect
senseval3.d002.s087.t004	In the given sentence, "one" refers to a single person or thing. The context implies that the actions (affect
senseval3.d002.s088.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "looked" in the context of the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was
senseval3.d002.s088.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calm" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not ag
senseval3.d002.s088.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "surreal" in the given sentence is:2) resembling a dream
senseval3.d002.s088.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the context of the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there was this
senseval3.d002.s088.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a position on
senseval3.d002.s088.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confusion" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a mental
senseval3.d002.s088.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "continued" in the context of the sentence "Everyone looked calm, but there
senseval3.d002.s091.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the given context is:2) seem to be true,
senseval3.d002.s091.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given context is:1) the time after sunset and
senseval3.d002.s091.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doing" in the context of the sentence "they were doing triage out in the
senseval3.d002.s091.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sound" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the particular aud
senseval3.d002.s091.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lights" in the context of the given sentence is:2) any device
senseval3.d002.s092.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "friend" in the given sentence is:1) a person you know well and
senseval3.d002.s092.t001	In the given sentence, "underground" refers to a physical location, specifically a computer center located beneath the ground level.
senseval3.d002.s092.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "computer" in the given sentence is:1) a machine for performing calculations
senseval3.d002.s092.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "center" in the given sentence is:11) a place where some particular
senseval3.d002.s092.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hit" in the context of the given sentence is:1) cause to move
senseval3.d002.s093.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given sentence is:1) express in words
senseval3.d002.s093.t001	In the given sentence, "He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip sliding across the floor,"
senseval3.d002.s093.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sliding" in the context of the given sentence is:3) move smooth
senseval3.d002.s093.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "floor" in the given sentence is:4) the ground on which people and
senseval3.d002.s094.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes
senseval3.d002.s094.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s094.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be fully
senseval3.d002.s094.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not easy;
senseval3.d002.s094.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive;
senseval3.d002.s097.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the given sentence is:5) reach a destination; arrive by
senseval3.d002.s097.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d002.s097.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "let" in the context of the sentence "I got home, let the dogs into the
senseval3.d002.s097.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s097.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something
senseval3.d002.s097.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s097.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sounds" in the given context is:2) the subjective sensation
senseval3.d002.s097.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "head" in the context of the given sentence is:19) the part
senseval3.d002.s097.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walking" in the context of the sentence "I got home, let the dogs into
senseval3.d002.s097.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roof" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a protect
senseval3.d002.s098.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s098.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "car" in the given sentence is:1) a motor vehicle with four whe
senseval3.d002.s098.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bouncing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) move
senseval3.d002.s099.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the context of the sentence "I realized what was happening and scream
senseval3.d002.s099.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "happening" in the context of the sentence "I realized what was happening and sc
senseval3.d002.s099.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "screamed" in the given sentence is:1) utter a sudden loud
senseval3.d002.s099.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something
senseval3.d002.s099.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s100.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doors" in the given context is:1) a swinging or sl
senseval3.d002.s100.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "feet" in the context of the sentence is:2) a linear unit
senseval3.d002.s100.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s100.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "came" in the context of the sentence "the dogs came running" is:
senseval3.d002.s100.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given context is:1) a member of the genus Can
senseval3.d002.s100.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the context of the sentence is:3) occupy a place
senseval3.d002.s100.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "watching" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) observe with
senseval3.d002.s100.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outside" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating
senseval3.d002.s100.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dance" in the context of the sentence "the outside trash cans dance across
senseval3.d002.s101.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realized" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be fully
senseval3.d002.s101.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "went" in the context of the given sentence is:1) change location
senseval3.d002.s101.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stood" in the context of the given sentence is:3) occupy a
senseval3.d002.s101.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something
senseval3.d002.s101.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) stay in
senseval3.d002.s101.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "praying" in the given context is:2) call upon in supp
senseval3.d002.s101.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "come" in the context of the sentence "waiting and praying for Merrill
senseval3.d002.s101.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "home" in the given sentence is:1) where you live at a particular
senseval3.d002.s101.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "got" in the context of the sentence "When I realized it was over, I went
senseval3.d002.s102.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the sentence "Never in my life have I been so
senseval3.d002.s103.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "saw" in the context of the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s103.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pictures" in the context of the given sentence is:10) a
senseval3.d002.s103.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the context of the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s103.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cry" in the context of the sentence "When I saw the pictures of 8
senseval3.d002.s106.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evening" in the given sentence is:1) the latter part of the
senseval3.d002.s106.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given context is:1) (plural) any group
senseval3.d002.s106.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:1) a member of the genus
senseval3.d002.s106.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walking around" in the given context is:2) walk around something
senseval3.d002.s106.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drinking" in the context of the given sentence is:2) consume alco
senseval3.d002.s109.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sitting down" in the context of the given sentence is:3) be
senseval3.d002.s109.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meet" in the context of the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s109.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the context of the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with some
senseval3.d002.s109.t004	In the given sentence, "clients" refers to individuals seeking professional help or services, specifically in the context of therapy
senseval3.d002.s109.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a pair
senseval3.d002.s109.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building" in the given sentence is:1) a structure that has a roof
senseval3.d002.s109.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the context of the given sentence is:9) begin or
senseval3.d002.s109.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shaking" in the context of the sentence "I was just sitting down to meet with
senseval3.d002.s110.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flimsy" in the given sentence is:1) lacking solidity
senseval3.d002.s110.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:1) a thing constructed; a complex
senseval3.d002.s110.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "built" in the context of the sentence "It's a flimsy structure,
senseval3.d002.s110.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "supports" in the context of the given sentence is:7) supporting structure
senseval3.d002.s110.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rocking" in the given sentence is:1) move back and forth or
senseval3.d002.s111.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stopped" in the context of the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for
senseval3.d002.s111.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breathing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) draw
senseval3.d002.s111.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moment" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an in
senseval3.d002.s111.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kept" in the context of the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for
senseval3.d002.s111.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coming" in the context of the sentence "The three of us stopped breathing for a
senseval3.d002.s112.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "say" in the context of the sentence "Needless to say, it was an
senseval3.d002.s112.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "session" in the given sentence is:3) a meeting devoted to a particular
senseval3.d002.s116.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a source
senseval3.d002.s116.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the given sentence is:2) primary social group
senseval3.d002.s116.t005	In the given sentence, "spent" refers to the way the scared family passed their time during the hour they were
senseval3.d002.s116.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a period of
senseval3.d002.s116.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "knowing" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) have first
senseval3.d002.s119.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given sentence is:9) begin or set in motion
senseval3.d002.s119.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rolling" in the context of the sentence "Judy and I were in our back
senseval3.d002.s119.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ocean" in the context of the sentence "Judy and I were in our
senseval3.d002.s119.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waves" in the context of the sentence "Judy and I were in our
senseval3.d002.s120.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ran" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something
senseval3.d002.s120.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "get" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "next" in the given sentence is:1) immediately following in time or order
senseval3.d002.s120.t004	In the given sentence, "tremor" refers to a sudden, involuntary movement that disrupts the person
senseval3.d002.s120.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "threw" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get M
senseval3.d002.s120.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "air" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get Mame
senseval3.d002.s120.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bounced" in the context of the sentence is:1) spring back;
senseval3.d002.s120.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tried" in the context of the sentence "We ran into the house to get M
senseval3.d002.s121.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the sentence "We are all fine here" is:
senseval3.d002.s122.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "full" in the context of the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal" is
senseval3.d002.s122.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crystal" in the context of the sentence "Kitchen full of broken crystal
senseval3.d002.s123.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Books" in the given sentence is:2) physical objects consisting of a
senseval3.d002.s123.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tapes" in the context of the sentence "Books and tapes all over my
senseval3.d002.s123.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "room" in the given sentence is:1) an area within a building en
senseval3.d002.s124.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the given sentence is:8) an entity that is not named
senseval3.d002.s124.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given sentence is:12) a building in which something
senseval3.d002.s124.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the given sentence is:2) the manner of construction of something
senseval3.d002.s124.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fine" in the context of the sentence "Not one thing in the house is where
senseval3.d002.s125.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "standing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be standing;
senseval3.d002.s125.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) stay in
senseval3.d002.s125.t003	In the given sentence, "tremor" is most suitably defined by option 2) a small earthquake
senseval3.d002.s125.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "noticed" in the given sentence is:2) notice or perceive
senseval3.d002.s125.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emerging" in the context of the sentence is:4) come up to
senseval3.d002.s125.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ground" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the solid part
senseval3.d002.s128.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amazing" in the given sentence is:1) surprising greatly
senseval3.d002.s128.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:4) a particular point in time
senseval3.d002.s128.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given sentence is:3) become different in some particular way
senseval3.d002.s128.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:2) the experience of being alive;
senseval3.d002.s131.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guess" in the context of the given sentence is:1) expect,
senseval3.d002.s131.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "living" in the context of the sentence "I guess we're all living very
senseval3.d002.s131.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) stay in
senseval3.d002.s132.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the context of the given sentence is:11) unfortun
senseval3.d002.s132.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accept" in the context of the given sentence is:3) give an aff
senseval3.d002.s132.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "took" in the context of the sentence "It's hard to accept that it
senseval3.d002.s132.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seconds" in the given sentence is:1) 1/60 of
senseval3.d002.s133.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wonder" in the given sentence is:1) have a wish or desire
senseval3.d002.s133.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the context of the sentence "I wonder when we'll be able to
senseval3.d002.s133.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relax" in the context of the given sentence is:1) become less t
senseval3.d002.s136.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Flesh" in the given sentence is:1) the soft tissue of
senseval3.d002.s136.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goes" in the context of the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s136.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flight" in the context of the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s136.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fight" in the context of the sentence "Flesh goes to total alert for flight
senseval3.d002.s137.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nausea" in the given sentence is:1) the state that preced
senseval3.d002.s137.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seems" in the context of the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace sympt
senseval3.d002.s137.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commonplace" in the context of the sentence "Nausea seems a commonplace sympt
senseval3.d002.s137.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "symptom" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (
senseval3.d002.s138.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quiet" in the context of the sentence "Berkeley very quiet right now" is
senseval3.d002.s139.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "walked" in the given sentence is:1) use one's feet
senseval3.d002.s139.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a unit
senseval3.d002.s139.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morning" in the given sentence is:1) the time period between dawn
senseval3.d002.s140.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Next" in the given sentence is:2) nearest in space or position;
senseval3.d002.s140.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bundled" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make into
senseval3.d002.s140.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blue" in the context of the sentence is:1) of the color intermediate
senseval3.d002.s140.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sat up" in the given context is:2) change to an u
senseval3.d002.s140.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given context is:8) utter aloud
senseval3.d002.s140.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woman" in the given context is:1) an adult female person (
senseval3.d002.s140.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "smiled" in the given context is:1) change one's fa
senseval3.d002.s140.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "said" in the given context is:8) utter aloud
senseval3.d002.s140.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "great" in the context of the sentence is:4) very good
senseval3.d002.s140.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "alive" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) possessing
senseval3.d002.s141.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "agreed" in the context of the sentence "I agreed" would be:
semeval2013.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to
semeval2013.d000.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plan" in the context of the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan to
semeval2013.d000.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the context of the sentence "U.N. group drafts plan
semeval2013.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d000.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the concentration of
semeval2013.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given context is:1) writing that provides information (es
semeval2013.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reductions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2013.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an on
semeval2013.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (usually
semeval2013.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a relation
semeval2013.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an agreement
semeval2013.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obstacles" in the given sentence is:2) an obstruction that
semeval2013.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "path" in the context of the given sentence is:3) an established line
semeval2013.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advance" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a change
semeval2013.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiation" in the given sentence is:1) a discussion intended to
semeval2013.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as
semeval2013.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "leaders" in the given sentence is:1) a person who rules or
semeval2013.d000.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the context of the given sentence is:2) wealth reck
semeval2013.d000.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s004.t004	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "poor countries." Therefore, the most suitable dictionary definition from the provided
semeval2013.d000.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (usually
semeval2013.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "range" in the context of the given sentence is:6) a variety of
semeval2013.d000.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "options" in the given sentence is:2) one of a number of things
semeval2013.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the given sentence is:2) the subject matter at issue
semeval2013.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "upper limit" in the given context is:1) the largest possible quantity
semeval2013.d000.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "temperature" in the given context is:1) the degree of hotness
semeval2013.d000.s005.t005	In the context of the sentence, "rise" refers to an increase or growth in temperature. Therefore, the most suitable
semeval2013.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:1) a large number or amount or
semeval2013.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flexibility" in the given sentence is:2) the quality of being adapt
semeval2013.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the given sentence is:1) a particular course of action intended
semeval2013.d000.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:3) the federal government of the
semeval2013.d000.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representative" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) a
semeval2013.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the given context is:1) writing that provides information (es
semeval2013.d000.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiation" in the given sentence is:1) a discussion intended to
semeval2013.d000.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given context is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s007.t004	In the given sentence, "official" refers to Yvo de Boer, who is the top climate official at the
semeval2013.d000.s007.t005	In the context of the sentence, "picture" refers to a clear and telling mental image that summarizes the main points of
semeval2013.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outlines" in the given context is:3) a schematic or pre
semeval2013.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given context is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given context is:2) a substance that is
semeval2013.d000.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given context is:2) a relative position or degree
semeval2013.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "period" in the given context is:1) an amount of time
semeval2013.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the given sentence is:2) a substance that is
semeval2013.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given context is:2) a forceful consequence;
semeval2013.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flood" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d000.s010.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drought" in the given context is:1) a shortage of ra
semeval2013.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sort" in the context of the sentence "Still, Friday featured the same sort of
semeval2013.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the weather
semeval2013.d000.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "envoy" in the context of the sentence is:2) someone sent on
semeval2013.d000.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cuts" in the context of the sentence is:19) the act
semeval2013.d000.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "emissions" in the context of the sentence is:2) a substance
semeval2013.d000.s012.t006	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "major emerging economies." Here, "ones" is used to
semeval2013.d000.s013.t000	In the given sentence, "The move signaled that the Obama administration is taking a harder line with China than Bush administration
semeval2013.d000.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bush administration" in the given sentence is:2) the executive under President
semeval2013.d000.s013.t004	In the given sentence, "officials" refers to individuals who hold positions of authority or responsibility within the Obama administration
semeval2013.d000.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d000.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2013.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cuts" in the context of the sentence is:19) the act
semeval2013.d000.s014.t006	In the given sentence, "observers" refers to individuals who are capable of becoming aware of the actions or events,
semeval2013.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comments" in the given context is:1) a statement that expresses a
semeval2013.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the given context is:1) a period of time equal to
semeval2013.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "America" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d000.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the given sentence is:1) the weather in some location
semeval2013.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of
semeval2013.d000.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given context is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given sentence is:8) all of the living human inhabitants
semeval2013.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "battle" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an ener
semeval2013.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economies" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d000.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given context is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obligations" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the
semeval2013.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nations" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given context is:8) all of the living human inhabitants
semeval2013.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "imperative" in the context of the given sentence is:2) some duty
semeval2013.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "costs" in the given sentence is:3) value measured by what must
semeval2013.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s018.t005	In the context of the sentence, "actions" refers to the measures or steps taken by big emitters to address their contribution
semeval2013.d000.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Central America" in the given context is:2) the nations of Central
semeval2013.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a force
semeval2013.d000.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in the given context is:1) someone who takes part
semeval2013.d000.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the context of the sentence is:2) an agreement between
semeval2013.d000.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given sentence is:4) an organization that is a member
semeval2013.d000.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draft" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) any of
semeval2013.d000.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something
semeval2013.d000.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "morning" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the time
semeval2013.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "climate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the weather
semeval2013.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "negotiations" in the given sentence is:1) a discussion intended to
semeval2013.d000.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behalf" in the given sentence is:1) as the agent of or
semeval2013.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the context of the sentence is:2) a force that
semeval2013.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "process" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a particular course
semeval2013.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the context of the sentence is:9) an act by a
semeval2013.d000.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given context is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "urgency" in the given sentence is:1) the state of being ur
semeval2013.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given sentence is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an important question
semeval2013.d000.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deal" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an agreement
semeval2013.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:1) a worker who holds
semeval2013.d000.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minister" in the given context is:2) a person appointed to a high
semeval2013.d000.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planes" in the given context is:1) an aircraft that has a
semeval2013.d000.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "halls" in the given context is:13) a large building for
semeval2013.d000.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "meetings" in the given context is:1) a formally arranged gather
semeval2013.d000.s024.t006	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" would be:3
semeval2013.d000.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given context is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gathering" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d000.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given context is:1) (plural) any group
semeval2013.d000.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given context is:2) some point or period in time
semeval2013.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shows" in the context of the sentence is:3) a social event
semeval2013.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a polit
semeval2013.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "draft" in the context of the given sentence is:5) any of
semeval2013.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something
semeval2013.d000.s025.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paper" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a medium for
semeval2013.d000.s025.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a demand
semeval2013.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intensity" in the given sentence is:2) high level or degree
semeval2013.d000.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministers" in the given sentence is:2) a person appointed to a
semeval2013.d000.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given sentence is:1) a plan of action adopted by
semeval2013.d000.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "heavyweights" in the given context is:4) a very large
semeval2013.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Israel" in the given sentence is:1) Jewish republic in southwestern
semeval2013.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t003	In the context of the given sentence, "losses" refers to the disadvantage that results from losing something, particularly
semeval2013.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performance" in the given context is:3) the act of performing;
semeval2013.d001.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the context of the sentence is:10) the unit of
semeval2013.d001.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "top" in the context of the sentence is:5) the highest level or
semeval2013.d001.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "group" in the given context is:1) any number of
semeval2013.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s002.t001	In the context of the given sentence, "absences" refers to the state of not being present, particularly in a team
semeval2013.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the point in
semeval2013.d001.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sidelines" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d001.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (often
semeval2013.d001.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "triumph" in the given sentence is:1) a successful ending of a
semeval2013.d001.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d001.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "favor" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an advantage
semeval2013.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "baskets" in the given sentence is:4) a score in basketball
semeval2013.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perimeter" in the given sentence is:3) the size of something as
semeval2013.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
semeval2013.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorers" in the given sentence is:1) a player who makes
semeval2013.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the given context is:3) the concluding parts of an
semeval2013.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quarter" in the given context is:3) (football, professional basketball
semeval2013.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given context is:1) activity directed toward making or doing
semeval2013.d001.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whistles" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the
semeval2013.d001.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "return" in the given context is:2) a coming to or returning home
semeval2013.d001.s007.t007	In the context of the sentence, "home" refers to the place where someone lives at a particular time. Therefore, the
semeval2013.d001.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the context of the given sentence is:7) (s
semeval2013.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooper
semeval2013.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given context is:10) the unit of counting in
semeval2013.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given context is:10) the unit of counting in
semeval2013.d001.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "night" in the given context is:7) the time between sunset and
semeval2013.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d001.s009.t003	In the context of the given sentence, "pressure" refers to a force that compels or influences a situation or
semeval2013.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given sentence is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
semeval2013.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d001.s012.t001	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "couple" is:3) a
semeval2013.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plays" in the context of the given sentence is:15) (game
semeval2013.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "help" in the given context is:1) the activity of contributing to
semeval2013.d001.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lead" in the context of the given sentence is:7) (s
semeval2013.d001.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the point in
semeval2013.d001.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quarter" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (football
semeval2013.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a unit
semeval2013.d001.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the context of the sentence is:20) in games or
semeval2013.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d001.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given context is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2013.d001.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "season" in the given context is:1) a period of the year marked
semeval2013.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Wall Street" in the given sentence is:1) a street in lower
semeval2013.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollar" in the context of the sentence "Wall Street closes without momentum,
semeval2013.d002.s001.t001	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "heading" is:1) a
semeval2013.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "market" in the given context is:4) the securities markets
semeval2013.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicators" in the given context is:1) a number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d002.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollar" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d002.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figures" in the context of the given sentence is:7) an amount
semeval2013.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "predominance" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "market" in the given sentence is:1) the world of commercial activity where
semeval2013.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "volumes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) a relative
semeval2013.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given context is:14) a specific size and style
semeval2013.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the sentence "It remains within a narrow margin; trading
semeval2013.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trend" in the given sentence is:1) a general direction in which
semeval2013.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publication" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the communication
semeval2013.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indicators" in the given context is:1) a number or ratio
semeval2013.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "market" in the given context is:4) the securities markets
semeval2013.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relation" in the context of the given sentence is:6) (usually
semeval2013.d002.s006.t007	In the context of the sentence, "recovery" refers to the economic situation where the economy is getting better after a period
semeval2013.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysts" in the given context is:2) an expert who studies
semeval2013.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "month" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
semeval2013.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "row" in the context of the given sentence is:6) a continuous chron
semeval2013.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "confidence" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a state
semeval2013.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "month" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
semeval2013.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "estimates" in the given context is:1) an approximate calculation of
semeval2013.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "index" in the given context is:2) a number or ratio (a
semeval2013.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indices" in the given context is:2) a number or ratio (
semeval2013.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rise" in the context of the sentence is:4) a movement up
semeval2013.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollar" in the given context is:1) the basic monetary
semeval2013.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the context of the sentence is:1) a lofty level
semeval2013.d002.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the context of the sentence is:2) a force that
semeval2013.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given context is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2013.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
semeval2013.d002.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that
semeval2013.d002.s010.t002	In this context, "ground" refers to a relation that provides the foundation for something. Therefore, the most suitable dictionary definition
semeval2013.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Treasury" in the given context is:3) negotiable debt
semeval2013.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bond" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a certificate
semeval2013.d002.s012.t002	In the given context, "yields" refers to the income or profit arising from the sale of bonds,
semeval2013.d002.s012.t004	In the context of the given sentence, "evening" refers to a specific time period during the day, particularly when discuss
semeval2013.d002.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bond" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a certificate
semeval2013.d002.s012.t006	In the given context, "yields" refers to the income or profit arising from the sale of bonds,
semeval2013.d002.s012.t007	In the context of the given sentence, "evening" refers to a specific time period during the day, particularly when discuss
semeval2013.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the context of the sentence "Iraqi Oil Ministry reaches de
semeval2013.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerns" in the context of the given sentence is:4)
semeval2013.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "violence" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a
semeval2013.d003.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instability" in the context of the sentence is:3) a lack of
semeval2013.d003.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "auctions" in the given sentence is:2) the public sale of something
semeval2013.d003.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given context is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given context is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Russia" in the given context is:4) a federation in n
semeval2013.d003.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "oil" in the given sentence is:1) a slippery or
semeval2013.d003.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "role" in the given context is:1) the actions and activities assigned to
semeval2013.d003.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given context is:1) a period of 1
semeval2013.d003.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "war" in the given sentence is:1) the waging of armed conflict
semeval2013.d003.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sanctions" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a mechanism
semeval2013.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stakes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (law
semeval2013.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level open land
semeval2013.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "auction" in the given sentence is:2) the public sale of something
semeval2013.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bid" in the given sentence is:3) a formal proposal to buy at
semeval2013.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given sentence is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the given sentence is:9) extensive tract of level open land
semeval2013.d003.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representation" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
semeval2013.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "oil" in the context of the sentence "The meager representation of American oil gi
semeval2013.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giants" in the context of the sentence is:4) a very large
semeval2013.d003.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysts" in the given sentence is:2) an expert who studies
semeval2013.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doors" in the given context is:3) anything providing a means of
semeval2013.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d003.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "war" in the given sentence is:1) the waging of armed conflict
semeval2013.d003.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given context is:2) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
semeval2013.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "editor" in the given context is:1) a person responsible for the editor
semeval2013.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important events
semeval2013.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "outlet" in the context of the given sentence is:3) an opening
semeval2013.d003.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Concerns" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2013.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "security" in the context of the given sentence is:9) measures taken as
semeval2013.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bombings" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
semeval2013.d003.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instability" in the context of the sentence is:3) a lack of
semeval2013.d003.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given context is:2) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d003.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given context is:8) all of the living human inhabitants
semeval2013.d003.s010.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysts" in the given context is:2) an expert who studies
semeval2013.d003.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given context is:2) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d003.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d003.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the
semeval2013.d003.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition of "energy" in the context of the given sentence is:6) any source of
semeval2013.d003.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deals" in the given context is:2) an agreement between parties (
semeval2013.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department under the
semeval2013.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "U.S." in the given context is:2) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d003.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ties" in the context of the sentence is:2) a social or business
semeval2013.d003.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a period
semeval2013.d003.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bid" in the context of the given sentence is:5) make a serious
semeval2013.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stakes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (law
semeval2013.d003.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contracts" in the given sentence is:1) a binding agreement between
semeval2013.d003.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fields" in the given context is:14) a geographic region (
semeval2013.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "China" in the given sentence is:1) a communist nation that
semeval2013.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "power" in the given context is:5) one possessing or exercis
semeval2013.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to conduct business
semeval2013.d003.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "par" in the given context is:2) a state of being essentially equal
semeval2013.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "commitments" in the given context is:3) an engagement by contract
semeval2013.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Companies" in the given context is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bids" in the given sentence is:3) a formal proposal to buy
semeval2013.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "offers" in the given sentence is:2) something offered (as a
semeval2013.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barrel" in the given sentence is:2) a cylindrical container
semeval2013.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fee" in the given sentence is:1) a fixed charge for a
semeval2013.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ministry" in the given sentence is:3) a government department under the
semeval2013.d003.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "output" in the given sentence is:4) the quantity of something (as
semeval2013.d003.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the given context is:3) a specific identifiable position
semeval2013.d003.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "field" in the given context is:14) a geographic region (
semeval2013.d004.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the sentence "US banks repay state support" is
semeval2013.d004.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the context of "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "US banks repay state support" is:
semeval2013.d004.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the sentence "The crisis-hit US major banks are
semeval2013.d004.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d004.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shackles" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d004.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given context is:11) financial resources provided to make
semeval2013.d004.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a building in
semeval2013.d004.s002.t003	In the context of the sentence, "protection" refers to safeguarding a financial institution from potential risks or fail
semeval2013.d004.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fund" in the given context is:1) a reserve of money set aside
semeval2013.d004.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "amount" in the given context is:3) how much there is or how
semeval2013.d004.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given context is:1) a written document describing the
semeval2013.d004.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "broadcaster" in the given context is:1) someone who broadcast
semeval2013.d004.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given context is:4) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d004.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "And, according to reports from US broadc
semeval2013.d004.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institutions" in the given sentence is:1) an organization founded and
semeval2013.d004.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "restrictions" in the given sentence is:1) a principle that limits
semeval2013.d004.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acceptance" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the state
semeval2013.d004.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "money" in the given sentence is:2) wealth reckoned in terms
semeval2013.d004.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "limits" in the context of the given sentence is:6) the greatest amount
semeval2013.d004.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "manager" in the given sentence is:1) someone who controls resources and exp
semeval2013.d004.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bonuses" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an additional
semeval2013.d004.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "charges" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the price
semeval2013.d004.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "loans" in the given sentence is:1) the temporary provision of money
semeval2013.d004.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rest" in the given sentence is:1) something left after other parts have
semeval2013.d004.s006.t001	In the given sentence, "The rest of the amount was taken from its own kitty, which was well filled through
semeval2013.d004.s006.t003	In the context of the sentence, "The rest of the amount was taken from its own kitty, which was well
semeval2013.d004.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Bank" in the context of the sentence is:9) a building in
semeval2013.d004.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a building in
semeval2013.d004.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the highest level
semeval2013.d004.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
semeval2013.d004.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "investment" in the context of the given sentence is:2) money
semeval2013.d004.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a building in
semeval2013.d004.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cash" in the given sentence is:1) money in the form of
semeval2013.d004.s009.t001	In the given sentence, "liabilities" refers to an obligation to pay money to another party. This definition best fits
semeval2013.d004.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "state" in the given sentence is:7) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d004.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a building in
semeval2013.d004.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capital" in the given context is:1) assets available for use in
semeval2013.d004.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increase" in the context of the sentence "Already on Thursday,
semeval2013.d004.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circles" in the given context is:2) an unofficial association of
semeval2013.d004.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the sentence "Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan
semeval2013.d005.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Appeal" in the context of the sentence "Cheshire Appeal Will
semeval2013.d005.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rows" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an arrangement of
semeval2013.d005.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the
semeval2013.d005.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "testimony" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an
semeval2013.d005.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "In the end" in the given context is:2) as the end result
semeval2013.d005.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "defense" in the context of the given sentence is:7) the def
semeval2013.d005.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "messages" in the given context is:1) a communication (usually brief
semeval2013.d005.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given context is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rape" in the given context is:3) the crime of forcing a
semeval2013.d005.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "children" in the given context is:1) a young person of either sex
semeval2013.d005.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "beds" in the context of the sentence is:1) a piece of
semeval2013.d005.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "house" in the given context is:12) a building in which something
semeval2013.d005.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "members" in the given context is:1) one of the persons who compose
semeval2013.d005.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "family" in the context of the given sentence is:2) primary social group
semeval2013.d005.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the point in
semeval2013.d005.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "imposition" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2013.d005.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given sentence is:1) a body of citizens sw
semeval2013.d005.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d005.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filings" in the given sentence is:1) the entering of a legal
semeval2013.d005.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a legal
semeval2013.d005.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:7) a course of reasoning aimed
semeval2013.d005.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given context is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d005.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given context is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence is:1) the act of using
semeval2013.d005.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circus" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a f
semeval2013.d005.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "atmosphere" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d005.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "details" in the context of the given sentence is:3) extended treatment of
semeval2013.d005.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given sentence is:1) a body of citizens sw
semeval2013.d005.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a strong
semeval2013.d005.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as right
semeval2013.d005.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a legal
semeval2013.d005.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judges" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the subject matter
semeval2013.d005.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide
semeval2013.d005.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "danger" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the condition
semeval2013.d005.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inclusion" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the state
semeval2013.d005.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "individual" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a human
semeval2013.d005.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rights" in the given context is:7) anything in accord with principles
semeval2013.d005.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given context is:3) demand for something as
semeval2013.d005.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d005.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "evidence" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (law
semeval2013.d005.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given context is:1) a body of citizens sw
semeval2013.d005.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "passion" in the context of the sentence is:1) a strong feeling
semeval2013.d005.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last word" in the given sentence is:1) the final statement in a
semeval2013.d005.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an important question
semeval2013.d005.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decades" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 1
semeval2013.d005.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d005.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "questions" in the context of the given sentence is:4) uncertainty about the
semeval2013.d005.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (law
semeval2013.d005.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fairness" in the context of the given sentence is:1) conform
semeval2013.d005.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conviction" in the given context is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Cleveland" in the given context is:1) the largest city in Ohio
semeval2013.d005.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) a position
semeval2013.d005.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carnival" in the context of the sentence is:2) a f
semeval2013.d005.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "atmosphere" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d005.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the context of the given sentence is:4) (law
semeval2013.d005.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "inspiration" in the context of the given sentence is:1) ar
semeval2013.d005.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conviction" in the given sentence is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the given sentence is:1) one of two equal parts of
semeval2013.d005.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "century" in the given context is:1) a period of 10
semeval2013.d005.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "argument" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a discussion in
semeval2013.d005.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide
semeval2013.d005.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given context is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d005.s014.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d005.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reason" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an explanation of
semeval2013.d005.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concern" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something
semeval2013.d005.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the given context is:2) a forceful consequence;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trials" in the given context is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Connecticut" in the given context is:1) a New England state;
semeval2013.d005.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given context is:1) a written document describing the find
semeval2013.d005.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appeals" in the given sentence is:3) (law) a legal
semeval2013.d005.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judges" in the given sentence is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given context is:1) the content of cognition;
semeval2013.d005.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "communication" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the activity
semeval2013.d005.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trials" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an important question
semeval2013.d005.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a period
semeval2013.d005.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "execution" in the context of the given sentence is:1) putting a condem
semeval2013.d005.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Judge" in the given context is:1) a public official author
semeval2013.d005.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reactions" in the given context is:5) a response that reveals
semeval2013.d005.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "victims" in the given sentence is:1) an unfortunate
semeval2013.d005.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the given context is:1) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d005.s020.t005	In the context of the sentence, "pressure" refers to a force that compels or influences the jury towards
semeval2013.d005.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2013.d005.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "jury" in the given sentence is:1) a body of citizens sw
semeval2013.d005.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the given sentence is:3) a discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d005.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d005.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given sentence is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the power
semeval2013.d005.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the given sentence is:1) a demanding or stim
semeval2013.d005.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "month" in the given sentence is:1) one of the twelve divisions of
semeval2013.d005.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d005.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "news" in the given sentence is:1) information about recent and important events
semeval2013.d005.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Connecticut" in the given sentence is:1) a New England state;
semeval2013.d005.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "election" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a vote
semeval2013.d005.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "campaign" in the given context is:3) several related operations aimed
semeval2013.d005.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "candidates" in the given context is:1) a politician who is
semeval2013.d005.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d005.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courthouse" in the given sentence is:2) a building that
semeval2013.d005.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the context of the sentence "Their focus on the Twitter coverage is controvers
semeval2013.d005.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning of a
semeval2013.d005.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "journalists" in the given sentence is:1) a writer for newsp
semeval2013.d005.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the given context is:2) an assertion that something is
semeval2013.d005.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "news" in the context of the given sentence is:1) information about recent
semeval2013.d005.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reports" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the
semeval2013.d005.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "view" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a way of
semeval2013.d005.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the context of the sentence is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a line of
semeval2013.d005.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given sentence is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trials" in the given context is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arguments" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a discussion in
semeval2013.d005.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given context is:2) a relational difference between states
semeval2013.d005.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "adaptation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the
semeval2013.d005.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "courts" in the given context is:8) a tribunal that
semeval2013.d005.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claim" in the context of the sentence "Mr. Hayes's lawy
semeval2013.d005.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "filing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the entering
semeval2013.d005.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Supreme Court" in the given context is:1) the highest federal
semeval2013.d005.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a position
semeval2013.d005.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conviction" in the given context is:2) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d005.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trial" in the given context is:4) (law) the determ
semeval2013.d005.s030.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "coverage" in the given context is:3) the news as presented by
semeval2013.d005.s030.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide
semeval2013.d005.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d005.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "century" in the given context is:1) a period of
semeval2013.d006.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the context of "Sport and fraud law" is:
semeval2013.d006.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of "Sport and fraud law" is:
semeval2013.d006.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Tricks" in the given context is:1) a cunning or dece
semeval2013.d006.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "will" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a fixed and
semeval2013.d006.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsion" in the given context is:3) the act of expelling
semeval2013.d006.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ink" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a liquid used
semeval2013.d006.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (be
semeval2013.d006.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the given context is:1) a unit of time equal
semeval2013.d006.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "end" in the given context is:2) the point in time at which
semeval2013.d006.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s003.t005	In the given sentence, "time" refers to a period during which an action (wasting time) took place,
semeval2013.d006.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the given sentence is:1) (sports) the
semeval2013.d006.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:5) a course of conduct
semeval2013.d006.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "group" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any number of
semeval2013.d006.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "league" in the given sentence is:1) an association of sports teams
semeval2013.d006.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phase" in the given context is:1) any distinct time period in a
semeval2013.d006.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "committee" in the given sentence is:1) a special group delegated
semeval2013.d006.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a contest
semeval2013.d006.s005.t003	In the given sentence, "trainer" refers to Jose Mourinho, who is a coach or manager of a sports
semeval2013.d006.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s005.t005	In the given sentence, "amounts" refers to the different economic values assigned to the implied players. Therefore, the
semeval2013.d006.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provocation" in the given sentence is:2) something that incites or
semeval2013.d006.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "circumstances" in the given sentence is:2) the set of
semeval2013.d006.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practice" in the context of the given sentence is:5) knowledge
semeval2013.d006.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "world" in the given context is:8) all of the living human inhabitants
semeval2013.d006.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "football" in the given sentence is:1) any of various games played with
semeval2013.d006.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:8) directions that define
semeval2013.d006.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Part" in the given context is:4) that which concerns a person with
semeval2013.d006.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "debate" in the given context is:1) a discussion in which reasons
semeval2013.d006.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given context is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d006.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d006.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organization" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the persons
semeval2013.d006.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nobility" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the
semeval2013.d006.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "honor" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the quality
semeval2013.d006.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acts" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something that
semeval2013.d006.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "history" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a record or
semeval2013.d006.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "debate" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a discussion
semeval2013.d006.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a subdiv
semeval2013.d006.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (be
semeval2013.d006.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principles" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d006.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something done (
semeval2013.d006.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the context of the given sentence is:1) intentional
semeval2013.d006.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something done (
semeval2013.d006.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an author
semeval2013.d006.s010.t000	In the context of the given sentence, "The matter examines the type of damage that is brought to the sporting spirit
semeval2013.d006.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2013.d006.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the occurrence
semeval2013.d006.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the general
semeval2013.d006.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantages" in the given sentence is:3) benefit resulting from some event
semeval2013.d006.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the general
semeval2013.d006.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "integrity" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an und
semeval2013.d006.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aspect" in the given context is:2) a characteristic to be considered
semeval2013.d006.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something done (
semeval2013.d006.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "danger" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the condition
semeval2013.d006.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantages" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of having a
semeval2013.d006.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person
semeval2013.d006.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "takes advantage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) draw
semeval2013.d006.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a special situation
semeval2013.d006.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something done (
semeval2013.d006.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:8) directions that define
semeval2013.d006.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something done (
semeval2013.d006.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "referee" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (s
semeval2013.d006.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complaints" in the context of the given sentence is:3) an
semeval2013.d006.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the given sentence is:3) a sentence of inquiry that
semeval2013.d006.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given sentence is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2013.d006.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the quality
semeval2013.d006.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "situation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
semeval2013.d006.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
semeval2013.d006.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d006.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something done (
semeval2013.d006.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "strategy" in the given sentence is:1) an elaborate and systematic
semeval2013.d006.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of having a
semeval2013.d006.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d006.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phase" in the given sentence is:1) any distinct time period in a
semeval2013.d006.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Championship" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
semeval2013.d006.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d006.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "term" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a limited period
semeval2013.d006.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the given sentence is:1) the quality of having a
semeval2013.d006.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a position
semeval2013.d006.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d006.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given context is:2) a relational difference between states
semeval2013.d006.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "action" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something done (
semeval2013.d006.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given context is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s019.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d006.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cycle" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a periodically
semeval2013.d006.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suspension" in the context of the given sentence is:7)
semeval2013.d006.s019.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "accumulation" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the
semeval2013.d006.s019.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cycle" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a periodically
semeval2013.d006.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rounds" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an interval
semeval2013.d006.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advantage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the quality
semeval2013.d006.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d006.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spirit" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the general
semeval2013.d006.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the given sentence is:9) one of the
semeval2013.d006.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decisions" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
semeval2013.d006.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:8) directions that define
semeval2013.d006.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assumption" in the given context is:7) the act of assuming or
semeval2013.d006.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d006.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "application" in the context of the given sentence is:7) the action of
semeval2013.d006.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given context is:2) a special set of circumstances
semeval2013.d006.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the sentence "They made a strategic decision without avoid
semeval2013.d006.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition of "law" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the collection of
semeval2013.d006.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fraud" in the context of the given sentence is:1) intentional
semeval2013.d006.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "occasion" in the context of the given sentence is:5) an opportunity
semeval2013.d006.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of
semeval2013.d006.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "factors" in the given context is:1) anything that contributes caus
semeval2013.d006.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expulsions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d006.s025.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given context is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d006.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "transmission" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2013.d006.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "damage" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the occurrence
semeval2013.d006.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "principles" in the given sentence is:1) a basic generalization
semeval2013.d006.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the given sentence is:1) something done (usually as
semeval2013.d007.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possibility" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a future
semeval2013.d007.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a subdiv
semeval2013.d007.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d007.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "nutrients" in the given sentence is:1) any substance that
semeval2013.d007.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scope" in the given sentence is:1) an area in which something acts
semeval2013.d007.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "forms" in the context of the sentence is:2) a category of things
semeval2013.d007.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given sentence is:11) the organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possibilities" in the given context is:1) a future prospect or
semeval2013.d007.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given context is:3) any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organism" in the given sentence, "This organism has dual capability," is
semeval2013.d007.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capability" in the context of the sentence "This organism has dual capability"
semeval2013.d007.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the sentence is:2) a category of things
semeval2013.d007.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given context is:1) a written document describing the find
semeval2013.d007.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "edition" in the given context is:1) the form in which a
semeval2013.d007.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "journal" in the given context is:2) a periodical dedicated to
semeval2013.d007.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carbon" in the given context is:1) an abundant nonmet
semeval2013.d007.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the find
semeval2013.d007.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "search" in the given sentence is:2) an investigation seeking answers
semeval2013.d007.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:2) applying the
semeval2013.d007.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "details" in the context of the given sentence is:3) extended treatment of
semeval2013.d007.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the given sentence is:2) the act of discovering something
semeval2013.d007.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speculation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
semeval2013.d007.s011.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the find
semeval2013.d007.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
semeval2013.d007.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the given sentence is:1) the act of discover
semeval2013.d007.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "environments" in the given sentence is:1) the totality of surrounding
semeval2013.d007.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) a living thing that has
semeval2013.d007.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given context is:3) any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a group of
semeval2013.d007.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given context is:3) any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the context of the given sentence is:11) the organ
semeval2013.d007.s013.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Space" in the given context is:4) any location outside the Earth'
semeval2013.d007.s013.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Sciences" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d007.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "Cockell was not part of the research
semeval2013.d007.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the context of the sentence "Cockell was not part of the research
semeval2013.d007.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:2) a product produced or accomplished through
semeval2013.d007.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substitution" in the given context is:2) the act of putting one
semeval2013.d007.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "element" in the given context is:3) any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "structure" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the manner of
semeval2013.d007.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discovery" in the context of the sentence "It wasn't a chance discovery
semeval2013.d007.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the sentence is:3) a written document
semeval2013.d007.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "levels" in the context of the sentence is:3) a specific ident
semeval2013.d007.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given sentence is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "behavior" in the given sentence is:2) the action or reaction of
semeval2013.d007.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d007.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisms" in the given sentence is:1) a living thing that has
semeval2013.d007.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard time" in the context of the sentence "As a result, organisms have a
semeval2013.d007.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "elements" in the given sentence is:3) any of the more than
semeval2013.d007.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concentrations" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2013.d007.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given sentence is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possibility" in the given context is:1) a future prospect or potential
semeval2013.d007.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given context is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planet" in the given context is:2) a celestial body
semeval2013.d007.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moon" in the context of the given sentence is:6) any natural
semeval2013.d007.s023.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "idea" in the given context is:1) the content of cognition;
semeval2013.d007.s024.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "phosphorus" in the given context is:1) a multivalent non
semeval2013.d007.s024.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "example" in the given context is:5) an occurrence of something
semeval2013.d007.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Arsenic" in the given context is:2) a very poisonous
semeval2013.d007.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given sentence is:1) a more or less definite period
semeval2013.d007.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given sentence is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ways" in the given context is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d007.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "life" in the given context is:11) the organic phenomenon
semeval2013.d007.s026.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Earth" in the given context is:1) the 3rd planet
semeval2013.d007.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence is:9) one of the port
semeval2013.d007.s026.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "team" in the given context is:1) a cooperative unit (
semeval2013.d008.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "routine" in the context of "The democratic routine" is:
semeval2013.d008.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Support" in the context of the given sentence is:2) aiding the
semeval2013.d008.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backing" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2013.d008.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "worry" in the context of the sentence "Crime has become a bigger worry than
semeval2013.d008.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "findings" in the given sentence is:1) the act of determining
semeval2013.d008.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poll" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an inqu
semeval2013.d008.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changes" in the given sentence is:2) a relational difference between states
semeval2013.d008.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attitude" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a complex
semeval2013.d008.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "things" in the given context is:8) an entity that is not
semeval2013.d008.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given sentence is:3) something that resultsIn
semeval2013.d008.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "poll" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into public
semeval2013.d008.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mood" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a characteristic
semeval2013.d008.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "second" in the given sentence is:1) coming next after the first in
semeval2013.d008.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stability" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the quality
semeval2013.d008.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attitudes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a complex
semeval2013.d008.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "institutions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
semeval2013.d008.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Support" in the context of the given sentence is:2) aiding the
semeval2013.d008.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "South America" in the given sentence is:2
semeval2013.d008.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "table" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a set of
semeval2013.d008.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given context is:2) aiding the cause or policy
semeval2013.d008.s010.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "low" in the context of the sentence is:3) a low level or
semeval2013.d008.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economy" in the given sentence is:1) the system of production
semeval2013.d008.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "drop" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a sudden sharp
semeval2013.d008.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "output" in the given sentence is:4) the quantity of something (as
semeval2013.d008.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "half" in the given context is:1) one of two equal parts of
semeval2013.d008.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:2) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" among the given options is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s012.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "democrats" in the given context is:2) an advocate of
semeval2013.d008.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:1) a statistic describing the
semeval2013.d008.s012.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:2) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "democracy" in the given context is:2) a political system in which
semeval2013.d008.s013.t005	In the context of the sentence, "figure" refers to a numerical value or statistic. Therefore, the most suitable dictionary
semeval2013.d008.s013.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increase" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the
semeval2013.d008.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s014.t000	In the given sentence, "confidence" refers to a belief or trust in the effectiveness or reliability of the country
semeval2013.d008.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s014.t002	In the given context, "Congress" refers to a legislative body within a country's government. The most
semeval2013.d008.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the given context is:1) the organization that is
semeval2013.d008.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s014.t005	In the given sentence, "cases" refers to specific instances or occurrences of confidence levels in Congress and the government. Therefore
semeval2013.d008.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decade" in the given sentence is:1) a period of 1
semeval2013.d008.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "woes" in the context of the sentence "A decade ago economic woes in
semeval2013.d008.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the context of the given sentence is:2) aiding the
semeval2013.d008.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d008.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recession" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d008.s016.t003	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "recovery" is:1) return
semeval2013.d008.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "safety net" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2013.d008.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d008.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proportion" in the given context is:4) the relation between things
semeval2013.d008.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "year" in the given context is:1) a period of
semeval2013.d008.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mood" in the given sentence is:1) a characteristic (habit
semeval2013.d008.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a visual display
semeval2013.d008.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given sentence is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the sentence is:3) the chief executive
semeval2013.d008.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sense" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a general
semeval2013.d008.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "progress" in the given sentence is:1) gradual improvement or growth or
semeval2013.d008.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recession" in the given sentence is:1) the state of the
semeval2013.d008.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:1) an instance or single occasion for
semeval2013.d008.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "polls" in the given sentence is:1) an inquiry into
semeval2013.d008.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:2) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "whole" in the context of the given sentence is:1) all of
semeval2013.d008.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given context is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs
semeval2013.d008.s022.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a visual display
semeval2013.d008.s023.t000	In the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "relative" is:1) a person related by blood
semeval2013.d008.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "victims" in the given context is:1) an unfortunate
semeval2013.d008.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crime" in the given sentence is:1) (criminal law)
semeval2013.d008.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "figure" in the given context is:9) the property possessed by a sum
semeval2013.d008.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "support" in the given context is:2) aiding the cause or policy
semeval2013.d008.s024.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:2) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s024.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a process in
semeval2013.d008.s024.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "chart" in the given context is:1) a visual display of information
semeval2013.d008.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "system" in the context of the given sentence is:1) instrumentality that
semeval2013.d008.s025.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s025.t003	In the given sentence, "year" refers to a period of time that has passed, specifically the time between the current survey
semeval2013.d008.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:2) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "view" in the given context is:1) a way of regarding situations or
semeval2013.d008.s026.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the chief
semeval2013.d008.s026.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
semeval2013.d008.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Brazil" in the given context is:1) the largest Latin American
semeval2013.d008.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s027.t002	In the given sentence, "leadership" refers to the status or quality of being a leader, especially in the context
semeval2013.d008.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:2) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s027.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given context is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d008.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "United States" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing
semeval2013.d008.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d008.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "respondents" in the given context is:2) someone who responds
semeval2013.d008.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "distinction" in the given context is:2) high status importance owing
semeval2013.d009.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of the sentence "Scalia and Thomas dine with healthcare
semeval2013.d009.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "day" in the given context is:2) some point or period in time
semeval2013.d009.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Supreme Court" in the given context is:1) the highest federal
semeval2013.d009.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the subject matter
semeval2013.d009.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given context is:2) legal document setting forth rules gover
semeval2013.d009.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given context is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given context is:2) a party of people assemble
semeval2013.d009.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given context is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d009.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "petitions" in the given sentence is:1) a formal message requesting
semeval2013.d009.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "review" in the context of the sentence provided is:8) (law)
semeval2013.d009.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the given context is:2) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "states" in the given context is:4) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overhaul" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the
semeval2013.d009.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Congress" in the given sentence is:1) the legislature of
semeval2013.d009.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d009.s003.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed
semeval2013.d009.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rallying cry" in the given context is:1) a slog
semeval2013.d009.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given context is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "suit" in the given context is:2) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hour" in the given context is:1) a period of time equal to
semeval2013.d009.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "argument" in the given context is:3) a discussion in which reasons are
semeval2013.d009.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "March" in the given context is:1) the month following February and
semeval2013.d009.s004.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "race" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any competition
semeval2013.d009.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "swing" in the context of the given sentence is:4) changing location by
semeval2013.d009.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given context is:3) an indefinite period (
semeval2013.d009.s004.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "decision" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a position
semeval2013.d009.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed
semeval2013.d009.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:2) a party of people assemble
semeval2013.d009.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:2) a party of people assemble
semeval2013.d009.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given context is:1) the collection of rules imposed
semeval2013.d009.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sponsor" in the given sentence is:1) someone who supports or
semeval2013.d009.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giant" in the context of the sentence "Another sponsor was pharmace
semeval2013.d009.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stake" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (law
semeval2013.d009.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:2) a party of people assemble
semeval2013.d009.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Washington" in the given sentence is:1) the capital of the United
semeval2013.d009.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hours" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time equal
semeval2013.d009.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2013.d009.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attendance" in the given sentence is:1) the act of being present
semeval2013.d009.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Senate" in the given sentence is:2) the upper house of
semeval2013.d009.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "opponent" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) someone
semeval2013.d009.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "guests" in the given sentence is:1) a visitor to whom hospital
semeval2013.d009.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dinner" in the given sentence is:2) a party of people assemble
semeval2013.d009.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the given sentence is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given context is:2) a prolonged period of
semeval2013.d009.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide for conduct or
semeval2013.d009.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actions" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) something done (
semeval2013.d009.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in the given context is:1) a set of rules or principles
semeval2013.d009.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a public
semeval2013.d009.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "events" in the given context is:1) something that happens at a given
semeval2013.d009.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organizations" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the persons
semeval2013.d009.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "judge" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a public
semeval2013.d009.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speaker" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) someone who
semeval2013.d009.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the sentence provided is:5) an announcement
semeval2013.d009.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "event" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something that happens
semeval2013.d009.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proximity" in the given sentence is:1) the property of being
semeval2013.d009.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "company" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an institution created
semeval2013.d009.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interest" in the context of the given sentence is:5) (law
semeval2013.d009.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "breach" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a failure
semeval2013.d009.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indifference" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the trait
semeval2013.d009.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "code" in the given sentence is:1) a set of rules or principles
semeval2013.d009.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given context is:2) an assertion that something
semeval2013.d009.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given context is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "rules" in the context of the given sentence is:3) prescribed guide
semeval2013.d009.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "president" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the officer
semeval2013.d009.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "justices" in the given sentence is:3) a public official authorized
semeval2013.d009.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fundraiser" in the given sentence is:2) a social function that
semeval2013.d009.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the given sentence is:8) a tribunal that is pres
semeval2013.d009.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "appearance" in the context of the given sentence is:1) outward
semeval2013.d009.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assistance" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the activity
semeval2013.d009.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "event" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something that happens
semeval2013.d009.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an
semeval2013.d009.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regard" in the context of the given sentence is:5) the condition
semeval2013.d009.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "business" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the activity
semeval2013.d009.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "court" in the context of the given sentence is:8) a tribunal
semeval2013.d009.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the context of the sentence is:1) any number of entities
semeval2013.d009.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conservatives" in the given context is:1) a person who is
semeval2013.d009.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Justice" in the context of the sentence is:3) a public official
semeval2013.d009.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the context of the sentence is:1) an important question that
semeval2013.d009.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administration" in the given sentence is:1) a method of tending
semeval2013.d009.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the given sentence is:1) the collection of rules imposed
semeval2013.d009.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a specific ident
semeval2013.d009.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case" in the given sentence is:3) a comprehensive term for any
semeval2013.d009.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "law" in the context of the sentence is:1) the collection of rules
semeval2013.d009.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "indication" in the context of the sentence "Kagan has given no indication
semeval2013.d010.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "familiarity" in the context of the given sentence is:1) personal
semeval2013.d010.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the given sentence is:2) one of two or more contest
semeval2013.d010.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given sentence is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present
semeval2013.d010.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "San Jose" in the given context is:2) the capital and largest city
semeval2013.d010.s004.t001	In the given sentence, "number one" refers to the position or ranking of the Europe and world champions in the monthly
semeval2013.d010.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the given context is:6) an extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given context is:1) a contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given context is:8) a numeral or string of
semeval2013.d010.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "League" in the given context is:1) an association of sports teams
semeval2013.d010.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "year" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d010.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "league" in the given context is:1) an association of sports teams
semeval2013.d010.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "competitions" in the given context is:2) an occasion on which
semeval2013.d010.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:1) the accumulation of
semeval2013.d010.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "players" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates
semeval2013.d010.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d010.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "area" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a particular environment
semeval2013.d010.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a relative position
semeval2013.d010.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "peak" in the given context is:3) the highest level or degree
semeval2013.d010.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in the given context is:1) the soccer or hockey
semeval2013.d010.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "game" in the given context is:1) a contest with rules to determine
semeval2013.d010.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "London" in the given context is:1) the capital and largest city
semeval2013.d010.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the given context is:6) an extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goalkeeper" in the given context is:1) the soccer or hockey
semeval2013.d010.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given context is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "today" in the given sentence is:2) the day that includes the present
semeval2013.d010.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "record" in the given context is:6) an extreme attainment;
semeval2013.d010.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "player" in the given sentence is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d010.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "week" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive days
semeval2013.d010.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "player" in the given context is:1) a person who participates in
semeval2013.d010.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "team" in the given sentence is:1) a cooperative
semeval2013.d010.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given context is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d010.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:8) a numeral or string of
semeval2013.d010.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the context of the sentence "Almost near the centennial number
semeval2013.d010.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the given context is:2) one of two or more contest
semeval2013.d010.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given context is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "striker" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2013.d010.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given context is:1) a contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "matches" in the given sentence is:2) a formal contest in which two
semeval2013.d010.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side" in the given context is:2) one of two or more contest
semeval2013.d010.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "presences" in the given context is:6) the act of being present
semeval2013.d010.s020.t000	In the given sentence, "The rest doesn't come near the 20," the word "rest" is most
semeval2013.d010.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "games" in the given context is:1) a contest with rules to
semeval2013.d010.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "scorer" in the given context is:1) a player who makes a
semeval2013.d010.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "goals" in the given context is:4) a successful attempt at scoring
semeval2013.d010.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the given context is:10) the unit of counting in
semeval2013.d011.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the sentence "Is immigration a burden or an
semeval2013.d011.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the meaning of "economy" in the context of the given sentence is:
semeval2013.d011.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Immigration" in the context of the given sentence is:1) migration
semeval2013.d011.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:2) a line of argument rationalizing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aspects" in the given context is:1) a distinct feature or
semeval2013.d011.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "congestion" in the context of the given sentence is:2) excessive
semeval2013.d011.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:2) a line of argument rationalizing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "numbers" in the context of the sentence is:1) the property possessed by
semeval2013.d011.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compatibility" in the context of the given sentence is:2) capability
semeval2013.d011.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policy" in the given context is:2) a line of argument rationalizing
semeval2013.d011.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "status" in the given context is:1) the relative position or standing of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "harassment" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the
semeval2013.d011.s002.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "students" in the given sentence is:1) a learner who is
semeval2013.d011.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" in the given context is:1) a republic in western Europe;
semeval2013.d011.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "talent" in the given context is:1) natural abilities or qual
semeval2013.d011.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "waiters" in the given context is:1) a person whose occupation is
semeval2013.d011.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "viewpoint" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a mental
semeval2013.d011.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lot" in the given sentence is:1) (often followed by `
semeval2013.d011.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the context of the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the context of the sentence "There is a lot of consensus between the
semeval2013.d011.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subject" in the given sentence is:1) the subject matter of a conversation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the context of the given sentence is:4) those who support
semeval2013.d011.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tone" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the general
semeval2013.d011.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a state of
semeval2013.d011.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:2) the territory occupied by a nation
semeval2013.d011.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person
semeval2013.d011.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the context of the sentence is:2) those who support varying
semeval2013.d011.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "France" in the given context is:1) a republic in western Europe;
semeval2013.d011.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misery" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) a state
semeval2013.d011.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the given sentence, "The only difference, the degree
semeval2013.d011.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the context of the sentence "The only difference, the degree of gener
semeval2013.d011.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generosity" in the given sentence is:1) the trait of being
semeval2013.d011.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fear" in the given sentence is:1) an emotion experienced in
semeval2013.d011.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "invasion" in the context of the given sentence is:2) any
semeval2013.d011.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "territory" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the
semeval2013.d011.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hordes" in the given sentence is:1) a vast multitude
semeval2013.d011.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Left" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) those who support
semeval2013.d011.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Right" in the context of the sentence is:4) those who support political
semeval2013.d011.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sides" in the context of the given sentence is:10) an
semeval2013.d011.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an on
semeval2013.d011.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "economy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2013.d011.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "society" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an extended
semeval2013.d011.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "difference" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the quality
semeval2013.d011.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "degree" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a position
semeval2013.d011.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generosity" in the given sentence is:1) the trait of being
semeval2013.d011.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the given sentence is:1) a series of steps to be
semeval2013.d011.s010.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the given sentence is:1) a state of difficulty that needs
semeval2013.d011.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
semeval2013.d011.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "burden" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an on
semeval2013.d011.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problem" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a state of
semeval2013.d011.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "book" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a written work
semeval2013.d011.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "immigration" in the context of the given sentence is:1) migration into
semeval2013.d011.s012.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "People" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) (pl
semeval2013.d011.s012.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Migration" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the movement
semeval2013.d011.s012.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Future" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the time yet
semeval2013.d011.s012.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specialists" in the given context is:1) an expert who is devoted
semeval2013.d011.s012.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) a force
semeval2013.d011.s012.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "migration" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the movement
semeval2013.d011.s012.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "flows" in the context of the sentence is:3) the act of
semeval2013.d011.s012.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the state
semeval2013.d011.s012.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body
semeval2013.d011.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "immigration" in the given sentence is:1) migration into a place (
semeval2013.d011.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of the sentence "Restraining immigration leads to
semeval2013.d011.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the state
semeval2013.d011.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Fears" in the given sentence is:1) an emotion experienced in
semeval2013.d011.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a force
semeval2013.d011.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "notion" in the given sentence is:1) a vague idea in which
semeval2013.d011.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at
semeval2013.d011.s014.t005	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to a group of people or things, specifically unskilled workers. Therefore,
semeval2013.d011.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pressure" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a force
semeval2013.d011.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "experience" in the given sentence is:2) the content of direct
semeval2013.d011.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "replacements" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a
semeval2013.d011.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "labor" in the context of the given sentence is:2) productive
semeval2013.d011.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trades" in the given sentence is:5) people who perform a particular
semeval2013.d011.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shortage" in the given context is:2) an acute insu
semeval2013.d011.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "labor" in the context of the given sentence is:2) productive
semeval2013.d011.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given context is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2013.d011.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "labor" in the context of the given sentence is:2) productive
semeval2013.d011.s016.t003	In the given sentence, "ones" refers to "the most highly skilled ones." Here, "ones" is used
semeval2013.d011.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given context is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2013.d011.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the given sentence is:1) activity leading to skilled behavior
semeval2013.d011.s016.t006	In the given sentence, "offers" refers to proposals or opportunities for employment that are not linked to training
semeval2013.d011.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the state
semeval2013.d011.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the context of "A positive effect on wages" is:
semeval2013.d011.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2013.d011.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given context is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2013.d011.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shortage" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an ac
semeval2013.d011.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "complementarities" in the given context is:2) the interrelation
semeval2013.d011.s018.t007	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "arrival" is:2) the
semeval2013.d011.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the given context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
semeval2013.d011.s019.t000	In the given sentence, "rise" refers to an increase in the migratory flow. The most suitable dictionary definition
semeval2013.d011.s019.t001	In the context of the sentence provided, "flow" refers to the movement or progression of migratory people. The
semeval2013.d011.s019.t002	In the given sentence, "increase" refers to the amount by which something (real long-term pay) increases
semeval2013.d011.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fact" in the given context is:2) a statement or assertion of verified
semeval2013.d011.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "diversity" in the given context is:1) noticeable heterogeneity
semeval2013.d011.s020.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "creation" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the act
semeval2013.d011.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ideas" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the content
semeval2013.d011.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proportion" in the context of the given sentence is:4) the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "American" in the given context is:1) of or relating to the
semeval2013.d011.s020.t010	In the given sentence, "winners" refers to individuals who have achieved significant success, specifically in the context of receiving pr
semeval2013.d011.s020.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Yahoo" in the given context is:3) a widely used search engine
semeval2013.d011.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contributors" in the given sentence is:1) someone who contributes (
semeval2013.d011.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given sentence is:1) a sum of money allocated
semeval2013.d011.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Labor" in the given context is:2) productive work (es
semeval2013.d011.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Organisation" in the given context is:2) a group of people who
semeval2013.d011.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given context is:3) a time of life (us
semeval2013.d011.s022.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contribution" in the given context is:4) an amount of money contributed
semeval2013.d011.s022.t008	In the given sentence, "receipts" refers to the financial benefits or income that an immigrant brings to the
semeval2013.d011.s022.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expenditure" in the context of the given sentence is:1) money
semeval2013.d011.s022.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:1) a statistic describing the
semeval2013.d011.s022.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "budgets" in the given context is:1) a sum of money allocated
semeval2013.d011.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mandate" in the given sentence is:3) the commission that is
semeval2013.d011.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "points" in the context of the sentence is:12) a distinct part
semeval2013.d011.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "growth" in the context of Nicolas Sarkozy's statement is:
semeval2013.d011.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "question" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the subject matter
semeval2013.d011.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effect" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon
semeval2013.d012.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the context of the sentence "Deutsche Bank pays multi-mill
semeval2013.d012.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d012.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "trouble" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a source
semeval2013.d012.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "uproar" in the given sentence is:1) a state of comm
semeval2013.d012.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "pound" in the context of the sentence is:2) the basic unit
semeval2013.d012.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d012.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the given context is:3) a source of difficulty
semeval2013.d012.s002.t001	In the context of the sentence, "home" refers to the country or state or city where Deutsche Bank is based. Therefore
semeval2013.d012.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industry" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the people
semeval2013.d012.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "giant" in the context of the sentence is:3) an unusually
semeval2013.d012.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given context is:1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d012.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given context is:1) the basic monet
semeval2013.d012.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "disputes" in the given context is:1) a disagreement
semeval2013.d012.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcy" in the given context is:2) inability to dis
semeval2013.d012.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the context of the sentence "The issue centres on the sale of mort
semeval2013.d012.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sale" in the context of the sentence "The issue centres on the sale of
semeval2013.d012.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the context of the sentence provided is:2) an official
semeval2013.d012.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "string" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a sequentially
semeval2013.d012.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given context is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "promises" in the given context is:1) a verbal commitment
semeval2013.d012.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given sentence is:3) the amount (of money or
semeval2013.d012.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "securities" in the given sentence is:4) a formal declaration that
semeval2013.d012.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the given sentence is:1) an unstable situation
semeval2013.d012.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issue" in the given sentence is:1) an important question that is in
semeval2013.d012.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New York" in the given sentence is:1) the largest city in New
semeval2013.d012.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the sentence "The bank did not admit culpability in
semeval2013.d012.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "settlement" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a conclus
semeval2013.d012.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given context is:1) the basic monet
semeval2013.d012.s009.t001	In the given sentence, "The NCUA chairman, Debbie Matz, welcomed the responsiveness of the
semeval2013.d012.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bankruptcies" in the given sentence is:3) a legal process intended
semeval2013.d012.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "deposits" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) money
semeval2013.d012.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something
semeval2013.d012.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "billions" in the given sentence is:1) the number that is
semeval2013.d012.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "settlements" in the context of the given sentence is:6) an
semeval2013.d012.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible for control
semeval2013.d012.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given context is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "summer" in the given sentence is:1) the warmest season of
semeval2013.d012.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fate" in the given sentence is:1) an event (or a
semeval2013.d012.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the given sentence is:1) the property possessed by a sum
semeval2013.d012.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "companies" in the given sentence is:1) an institution created to
semeval2013.d012.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the highest level
semeval2013.d012.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "crisis" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an
semeval2013.d012.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the given sentence is:9) a building in which the
semeval2013.d012.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wind" in the context of the given sentence ("The banks battling against a strong wind
semeval2013.d012.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "USA" in the given sentence is:1) North American republic containing 5
semeval2013.d012.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "years" in the given sentence is:1) a period of time containing
semeval2013.d012.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulators" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an
semeval2013.d012.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "number" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the property possessed
semeval2013.d012.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given context is:3) demand for something as
semeval2013.d012.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compensation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something
semeval2013.d012.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "misconduct" in the given sentence is:1) bad or dish
semeval2013.d012.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "wave" in the context of the sentence "The Federal Housing Finance Agency (
semeval2013.d012.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) demand
semeval2013.d012.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banks" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a building
semeval2013.d012.s021.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given context is:1) the basic monet
semeval2013.d012.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given context is:3) the amount (of money or
semeval2013.d012.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dollars" in the given context is:1) the basic monet
semeval2013.d012.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regulator" in the given sentence is:2) an official responsible for control
semeval2013.d012.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "bank" in the context of the given sentence is:9) a building in
semeval2013.d012.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "responsibility" in the given sentence is:2) the proper sphere or extent
semeval2013.d012.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum" in the context of the given sentence is:5) the whole amount
semeval2013.d012.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as
semeval2013.d012.s024.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intention" in the context of the sentence "Deutsche Bank has rejected the claims
semeval2013.d012.s024.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "claims" in the given sentence is:3) demand for something as
semeval2015.d000.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the context of the given sentence is:1) writing that provides
semeval2015.d000.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Public" in the context of the European Public Assessment Report (EPAR) is
semeval2015.d000.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the context of the European Public Assessment Report ( EPAR
semeval2015.d000.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d000.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given sentence is:1) make plain and compreh
semeval2015.d000.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given context is:1) a special group
semeval2015.d000.s001.t003	In the context of the sentence, "Products" refers to medicinal products, which are items created through a process (in
semeval2015.d000.s001.t004	In the given sentence, "Human" is used in the context of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use
semeval2015.d000.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Use" in the given context is:1) the act of using
semeval2015.d000.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given context is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature
semeval2015.d000.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in the given context is:1) carry out or perform an
semeval2015.d000.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reach" in the context of the given sentence is:7) reach a
semeval2015.d000.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given context is:1) something (as
semeval2015.d000.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "need" in the given sentence is:2) have need ofIn
semeval2015.d000.s002.t001	In the given sentence, "more" is used in the context of acquiring additional information about a medical condition or treatment.
semeval2015.d000.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given context is:2) knowledge acquired through study or experience
semeval2015.d000.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medical" in the given sentence is:1) relating to the study
semeval2015.d000.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "condition" in the given sentence is:6) an illness, disease,
semeval2015.d000.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the context of the given sentence is:3) look at,
semeval2015.d000.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Leaflet" in the given context is:3) a small book usually
semeval2015.d000.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "If you need more information about your medical condition
semeval2015.d000.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contact" in the given context is:1) be in or establish communication with
semeval2015.d000.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given context is:1) a licensed medical pract
semeval2015.d000.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the given sentence is:1) feel or
semeval2015.d000.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `
semeval2015.d000.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:2) knowledge acquired through study or experience
semeval2015.d000.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the given context is:2) the fundamental assumptions from which
semeval2015.d000.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "read" in the context of the given sentence is:3) look at,
semeval2015.d000.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Discussion" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an extended
semeval2015.d000.s003.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the given sentence is:9) one of the
semeval2015.d000.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "powder" in the given sentence is:1) a solid substance in
semeval2015.d000.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a hom
semeval2015.d000.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "infusion" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (med
semeval2015.d000.s005.t004	In the given sentence, "Alimta is a powder that is made up into a solution for infusion (d
semeval2015.d000.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "vein" in the context of the given sentence is:3) any of
semeval2015.d000.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetre
semeval2015.d000.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemetre
semeval2015.d000.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the context of the sentence "It contains the active substance pemet
semeval2015.d000.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "What is Alimta used for?" is
semeval2015.d000.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treat" in the context of the given sentence is:3) provide treatment
semeval2015.d000.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "types" in the given context is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lining" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two
semeval2015.d000.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is used to treat two
semeval2015.d000.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given context is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d000.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "medicine" in the given context is:3
semeval2015.d000.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "removed" in the context of the sentence is:1) remove something concrete
semeval2015.d000.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "surgery" in the given context is:4
semeval2015.d000.s009.t007	In the context of the given sentence, "alone" is used to describe a situation where the cancer cannot be removed by surg
semeval2015.d000.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spread" in the context of the given sentence is:2) become distributed
semeval2015.d000.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "likely" in the given context is:2) likely but not certain to be
semeval2015.d000.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "spread" in the context of the given sentence is:2) become distributed
semeval2015.d000.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easily" in the context of the given sentence is:3) indicating
semeval2015.d000.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d000.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "parts" in the given context is:9) one of the portions into
semeval2015.d000.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the entire structure
semeval2015.d000.s009.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s009.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given context is:2) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s009.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition which identifies the meaning of "cancer" in the given context is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s009.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advanced" in the context of the given sentence is:2) comparatively
semeval2015.d000.s009.t024	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the given context is:2) (biology) the basic
semeval2015.d000.s009.t027	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the given context is:1) have an effect upon
semeval2015.d000.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the given sentence is:1) put into service
semeval2015.d000.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the context of the given sentence is:2) subject to
semeval2015.d000.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s010.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a subdiv
semeval2015.d000.s010.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:1) the time that has el
semeval2015.d000.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is:1) and nothing moreIn
semeval2015.d000.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "obtained" in the context of the sentence "The medicine can only be obtained with
semeval2015.d000.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prescription" in the given sentence is:4) written instructions from a phys
semeval2015.d000.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "How is Alimta used?" is:
semeval2015.d000.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the given sentence is:2) without any others being included or
semeval2015.d000.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "Alimta should only be given under
semeval2015.d000.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doctor" in the given sentence is:1) a licensed medical pract
semeval2015.d000.s013.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Alimta should only be given under the
semeval2015.d000.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given context is:2) the quantity of an active
semeval2015.d000.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mg" in the given context is:1) one thousandth (1
semeval2015.d000.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the entire structure
semeval2015.d000.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calculated" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make a
semeval2015.d000.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the context of the given sentence is:5) avail oneself
semeval2015.d000.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patient" in the given context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s014.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "height" in the context of the given sentence is:3) (of a
semeval2015.d000.s014.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weight" in the context of the given sentence is:7) a unit used
semeval2015.d000.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "It is given once every three weeks as
semeval2015.d000.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "once" in the given sentence is:1) on one occasionIn
semeval2015.d000.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "every" in the given sentence is:2) each and all of a series
semeval2015.d000.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "weeks" in the given sentence is:1) any period of seven consecutive
semeval2015.d000.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "infusion" in the given sentence is:3) (medicine)
semeval2015.d000.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "lasting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) persist for
semeval2015.d000.s015.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "minutes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a unit
semeval2015.d000.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reduce" in the context of the sentence is:18) cook until very
semeval2015.d000.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is:1) a secondary and usually ad
semeval2015.d000.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the given context is:1) a subdivision of a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injections" in the given context is:3) the act of putting a
semeval2015.d000.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is:11) give or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) (medicine
semeval2015.d000.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given context is:2) stop (someone or something
semeval2015.d000.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fluids" in the given context is:2) continuous amorphous matter
semeval2015.d000.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given context is:2) stop (someone or something
semeval2015.d000.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dehydration" in the context of the given sentence is:2
semeval2015.d000.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence is:11) give or
semeval2015.d000.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the context of the given sentence is:1) earlier in time
semeval2015.d000.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "after" in the given context is:1) happening at a time subsequent to
semeval2015.d000.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given context is:1) a measured portion of medicine
semeval2015.d000.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to
semeval2015.d000.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "delayed" in the context of the given sentence is:2) act later
semeval2015.d000.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discontinued" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2015.d000.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dose" in the given context is:1) a measured portion of medicine
semeval2015.d000.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reduced" in the context of the sentence is:9) make smaller
semeval2015.d000.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s018.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blood counts" in the given sentence is:1) the number of red
semeval2015.d000.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "abnormal" in the given sentence is:1) not normal; not typical
semeval2015.d000.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the sentence "Treatment should be delayed or dis
semeval2015.d000.s018.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "certain" in the context of the given sentence is:2) having or feeling
semeval2015.d000.s018.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d000.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "side effects" in the given sentence is:1) a secondary and usually ad
semeval2015.d000.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for use in
semeval2015.d000.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "moderate" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for
semeval2015.d000.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "severe" in the context of the sentence "Alimta is not recommended for use
semeval2015.d000.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the given sentence is:3) a source of difficulty
semeval2015.d000.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given sentence is:1) (comparative of `
semeval2015.d000.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "information" in the given sentence is:4) a collection of facts from which
semeval2015.d000.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the context of the given sentence is:7) see or watch
semeval2015.d000.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Product" in the context of the sentence "For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s020.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence "For more information, see the Summary of
semeval2015.d000.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the given sentence is:10) expressing
semeval2015.d000.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the given context is:4) material of a particular kind
semeval2015.d000.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s022.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:3) the learned profession that
semeval2015.d000.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "kills" in the context of the sentence is:10) cause the
semeval2015.d000.s022.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s022.t007	In the context of the sentence, "dividing" refers to the process of cell division, specifically in the context of
semeval2015.d000.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "body" in the given context is:1) the entire structure of an organ
semeval2015.d000.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the given context is:11) change in nature,
semeval2015.d000.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the given sentence is:6) exerting
semeval2015.d000.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the given context is:11) a particular mode in which
semeval2015.d000.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "blocks" in the context of the given sentence is:9) obstruct
semeval2015.d000.s023.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the given context is:1) connected by participation or
semeval2015.d000.s023.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "producing" in the context of the given sentence is:3) cause to
semeval2015.d000.s023.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "building blocks" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a single
semeval2015.d000.s023.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition that identifies the meaning of "genetic" in the given context is:4)
semeval2015.d000.s023.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "material" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the tangible
semeval2015.d000.s023.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cells" in the given context is:2) (biology) the
semeval2015.d000.s024.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Alimta been studied?"
semeval2015.d000.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s025.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and subject
semeval2015.d000.s025.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the given sentence is:1) most important element
semeval2015.d000.s025.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a written
semeval2015.d000.s025.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s025.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "before" in the given context is:1) earlier in time; previously
semeval2015.d000.s026.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effects" in the given sentence is:1) a phenomenon that follows
semeval2015.d000.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the context of the given sentence is:1) examine and
semeval2015.d000.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d000.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (biology
semeval2015.d000.s027.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effects" in the given context is:1) a phenomenon that follows
semeval2015.d000.s027.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given context is:1) examine and note the similar
semeval2015.d000.s027.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s027.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given context is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s027.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the given context is:2) engage as a
semeval2015.d000.s027.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s027.t010	In the given sentence, "locally advanced" refers to a stage of cancer that has spread to nearby tissues or l
semeval2015.d000.s027.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "advanced" in the context of the sentence is:2) comparatively late
semeval2015.d000.s027.t016	In the given sentence, "past" refers to a time that has already occurred, specifically relating to the chemother
semeval2015.d000.s028.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given context is:1) examine and note the similar
semeval2015.d000.s028.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) something that treats
semeval2015.d000.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given context is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s028.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involving" in the given context is:2) engage as a
semeval2015.d000.s028.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given context is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s028.t012	In the given sentence, "past" refers to the time that has elapsed since the patients did not receive chemother
semeval2015.d000.s029.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s029.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the context of the given sentence is:2) how much there
semeval2015.d000.s029.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "long" in the context of the sentence "In all three studies, the main measure of
semeval2015.d000.s029.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s029.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survived" in the given sentence is:1) continue to live through
semeval2015.d000.s030.t000	In the context of the sentence "What benefit has Alimta shown during the studies?", the most suitable dictionary definition for
semeval2015.d000.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Alimta shown during
semeval2015.d000.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a written
semeval2015.d000.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increased" in the given sentence is:1) become bigger or greater
semeval2015.d000.s031.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the sentence "Alimta increased the survival
semeval2015.d000.s031.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:2) a period of time considered as
semeval2015.d000.s031.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survived" in the given context is:2) continue in existence after
semeval2015.d000.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:1) a statistic describing the
semeval2015.d000.s032.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2015.d000.s032.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given sentence is:1) examine and note the similar
semeval2015.d000.s032.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2015.d000.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) care
semeval2015.d000.s033.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cell" in the context of the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-small
semeval2015.d000.s033.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the context of the sentence "In the treatment of patients with non-
semeval2015.d000.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given sentence is:1) the time that has el
semeval2015.d000.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:1) approximating the statistical norm
semeval2015.d000.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given context is:1) a state of surv
semeval2015.d000.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given context is:5) the continuum of experience in
semeval2015.d000.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2015.d000.s034.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "compared" in the given context is:1) examine and note the similar
semeval2015.d000.s034.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2015.d000.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s035.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "past" in the given context is:1) the time that has el
semeval2015.d000.s035.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "average" in the given context is:6) relating to or const
semeval2015.d000.s035.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2015.d000.s035.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given context is:5) the continuum of experience in
semeval2015.d000.s035.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "months" in the given context is:1) one of the twelve divisions
semeval2015.d000.s035.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "groups" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any number of
semeval2015.d000.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "However" in the given sentence is:1) despite anything to the contrary (
semeval2015.d000.s036.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d000.s036.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s036.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s036.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) have
semeval2015.d000.s036.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "longer" in the given context is:1) primarily temporal sense; being
semeval2015.d000.s036.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the given sentence is:1) a state of surv
semeval2015.d000.s036.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given context is:2) a period of time considered as
semeval2015.d000.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contrast" in the given sentence is:1) the opposition or dissimilar
semeval2015.d000.s037.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "patients" in the given sentence is:1) a person who requires medical
semeval2015.d000.s037.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given sentence is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d000.s037.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "affecting" in the context of the given sentence is:1) have
semeval2015.d000.s037.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shorter" in the context of the given sentence is:1) primarily temporal
semeval2015.d000.s037.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "survival" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2015.d000.s037.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times" in the given context is:2) a period of time considered as
semeval2015.d001.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra is a mathematical calculator
semeval2015.d001.s000.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the context of the given sentence is:1) use as a
semeval2015.d001.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "capable" in the given sentence is:1) (usually followed by
semeval2015.d001.s001.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "make" in the context of the given sentence is:12) to compose
semeval2015.d001.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "simple" in the context of the given sentence is:2) easy and not
semeval2015.d001.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the context of the given sentence is:10) (
semeval2015.d001.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "3D" in the context of the given sentence is:2) having a
semeval2015.d001.s002.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "actually" in the given sentence is:2) used to imply that one
semeval2015.d001.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "necessary" in the context of the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know Math
semeval2015.d001.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know MathML
semeval2015.d001.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "It is actually not necessary to know MathML
semeval2015.d001.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
semeval2015.d001.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the given sentence is:5) avail oneself
semeval2015.d001.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "little" in the context of the given sentence is:2) (quant
semeval2015.d001.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "mathematical" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of
semeval2015.d001.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Here" in the given sentence is:1) in or at this place;
semeval2015.d001.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "Here's a screenshot of kalgebra main
semeval2015.d001.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of the given sentence ("Here's a screenshot of kalgebra
semeval2015.d001.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:1)
semeval2015.d001.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of "kalgebra main window" is:8)
semeval2015.d001.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra main window consists in a Console tab
semeval2015.d001.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the context of the given sentence is:8) (computer
semeval2015.d001.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "consists" in the given context is:4) be composed of
semeval2015.d001.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Console" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a scientific instrument
semeval2015.d001.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "3D" in the context of the sentence "kalgebra main window consists in a Console
semeval2015.d001.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Below" in the context of the given sentence is:1) in or
semeval2015.d001.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "find" in the context of the given sentence is:2) discover or determine
semeval2015.d001.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:4) a component of production; something
semeval2015.d001.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the given sentence is:1) write by means
semeval2015.d001.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the sentence "Below these tabs you will find an input
semeval2015.d001.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "calculations" in the given sentence is:1) the procedure of calculating;
semeval2015.d001.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire
semeval2015.d001.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "understand" in the given context is:1) know and comprehend the
semeval2015.d001.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "works" in the context of the given sentence is:13) have and
semeval2015.d001.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "best" in the given sentence is:1) (superlative of `
semeval2015.d001.s009.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "thing" in the given context is:12) a separate and self-
semeval2015.d001.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the context of the given sentence is:2) carry out or
semeval2015.d001.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "realize" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be fully
semeval2015.d001.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the given sentence is:4) a component of production; something
semeval2015.d001.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "converted" in the context of the given sentence is:11) change
semeval2015.d001.s009.t010	In the given sentence, "necessary" refers to something that is not absolutely essential or required for understanding how the input is
semeval2015.d001.s009.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "know" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be cogniz
semeval2015.d001.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
semeval2015.d001.s010.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "hard" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not easy;
semeval2015.d001.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "closely" in the given sentence is:3) in a close manner
semeval2015.d001.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "look" in the given sentence is:1) perceive with attention; direct
semeval2015.d001.s011.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for the word "very" in the given context is:1) used as intensifiers
semeval2015.d001.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "similar" in the given context is:3) resembling or similar;
semeval2015.d001.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Addition" in the context of the given sentence is:6) the arithmetic
semeval2015.d001.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "subtraction" among the given options is:1) an arithmetic operation in
semeval2015.d001.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "multiplication" in the context of the given sentence (which mentions addition, subtraction
semeval2015.d001.s012.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "division" in the context of the given sentence (which mentions addition, subtraction
semeval2015.d001.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Power" in the given sentence is:5) one possessing or exercis
semeval2015.d001.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "^, ** : Power, you can use
semeval2015.d001.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "possible" in the given sentence is:1) capable of happening or existing
semeval2015.d001.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Also it is possible to use the unicode
semeval2015.d001.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Powers" in the given sentence is:5) one possessing or
semeval2015.d001.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given sentence is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "roots" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the place
semeval2015.d001.s015.t004	In the given sentence, "Powers are one way to make roots too," the word "too" is used
semeval2015.d001.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the given context is:1) how something is done or how
semeval2015.d001.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the context of the given sentence is:4) be specific
semeval2015.d001.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variable" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a symbol (
semeval2015.d001.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the given sentence is:1) put into service
semeval2015.d001.s017.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the context of the given sentence is:4) be specific
semeval2015.d001.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "higher" in the context of specifying a higher priority is:3) standing
semeval2015.d001.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "priority" in the given sentence is:1) status established in order of
semeval2015.d001.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the context of the sentence "When the parser finds a function, it
semeval2015.d001.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:7) a set sequence of steps,
semeval2015.d001.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "checks" in the context of the sentence "When the parser finds a function, it
semeval2015.d001.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the context of the given sentence is:8) regard or
semeval2015.d001.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treated" in the context of the given sentence is:8) regard or
semeval2015.d001.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "user" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person who
semeval2015.d001.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "function" in the context of the given sentence is:7) a set sequence
semeval2015.d001.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "It is used to define a variable value"
semeval2015.d001.s020.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the given sentence ("It is used to define a variable value
semeval2015.d001.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the context of the sentence "It is used to define a variable value"
semeval2015.d001.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "way" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can
semeval2015.d001.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we can
semeval2015.d001.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conditional" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we
semeval2015.d001.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operations" in the context of the sentence "Piecewise is the way we
semeval2015.d001.s023.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "introduce" in the context of the given sentence is:6) put
semeval2015.d001.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given context is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s023.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "true" in the context of the given sentence is:7) not pretended
semeval2015.d001.s023.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "finds" in the context of the given sentence is:2) discover or
semeval2015.d001.s023.t010	In the given sentence, the term "instance" refers to a specific occurrence or example of a situation or condition. Therefore,
semeval2015.d001.s025.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "It can be used to define a container"
semeval2015.d001.s025.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the given sentence is:2) give a definition
semeval2015.d001.s026.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "useful" in the context of the given sentence is:1) being of
semeval2015.d001.s026.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "working" in the context of the sentence "Mainly useful for working with piecewise"
semeval2015.d001.s027.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Now" in the given sentence is:4) at the present moment
semeval2015.d001.s027.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ask" in the context of the given sentence is:5) address a question
semeval2015.d001.s027.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "user" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person who
semeval2015.d001.s028.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) posing
semeval2015.d001.s028.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "functions" in the given context is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s028.t003	The correct dictionary definition for "cos()" among the given options is:1) ratio of the adjacent side to the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sin()" among the given options is:3) ratio of the length of the
semeval2015.d001.s028.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not the same
semeval2015.d001.s028.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sum" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a quantity obtained
semeval2015.d001.s028.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "product" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) a quantity obtained
semeval2015.d001.s030.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the given sentence is:5) avail oneself
semeval2015.d001.s030.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "plus()" in the given context is:2) the arithmetic operation of summing
semeval2015.d001.s030.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "times()" among the given options is:2) an arithmetic operation that is the
semeval2015.d001.s030.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "has" in the context of the sentence "We can use plus(), times() and everything
semeval2015.d001.s030.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "operator" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s031.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "useful" in the given sentence is:1) being of use or service
semeval2015.d001.s032.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "There" in the given sentence is:1) in or at that place
semeval2015.d001.s032.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the context of the sentence "There you have a list of the declared variables
semeval2015.d001.s032.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "list" in the given sentence is:1) a database containing an ordered array
semeval2015.d001.s032.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variables" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a quantity that
semeval2015.d001.s033.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "see" in the given context is:7) see or watchIn
semeval2015.d001.s033.t001	In the context of the sentence, "lets" is used to describe the action of opening a dialog that enables the user to
semeval2015.d001.s033.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "change" in the given context is:3) become different in some particular way
semeval2015.d001.s033.t003	In the given sentence, "values" refers to the settings or parameters that can be adjusted within a dialog. This context
semeval2015.d001.s033.t004	In the context of the given sentence, the most suitable dictionary definition for "just" is:5) absolutely
semeval2015.d001.s033.t005	In the given sentence, "way" is used to describe a method or approach to achieve a certain result, which in this
semeval2015.d001.s033.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent
semeval2015.d001.s034.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "time" in the given sentence is:4) a suitable momentIn
semeval2015.d001.s034.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "expression" in the given sentence is:8) a group of words that form
semeval2015.d001.s034.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variable" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a quantity that
semeval2015.d001.s034.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "value" in the given context is:1) a numerical quantity measured or assigned
semeval2015.d001.s034.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "changed" in the given context is:3) become different in some particular way
semeval2015.d001.s034.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "last" in the context of the given sentence is:2) coming after all
semeval2015.d001.s034.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "result" in the given context is:3) something that resultsIn
semeval2015.d001.s035.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "New" in the context of "Ctrl N New Window" is:1)
semeval2015.d001.s035.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Window" in the context of "Ctrl N New Window" (which is related to computer
semeval2015.d001.s036.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the context of the sentence "Flushes the log" is:
semeval2015.d001.s037.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Load" in the context of "Ctrl L Load Script" is:3)
semeval2015.d001.s038.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Executes" in the context of the given sentence is:5) carry out
semeval2015.d001.s038.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:1) a message describing how
semeval2015.d001.s038.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "file" in the given sentence is:1) a set of related records (
semeval2015.d001.s039.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Nice" in the given sentence is:5) exhibiting courtesy
semeval2015.d001.s039.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the context of the given sentence is:1) feel or
semeval2015.d001.s039.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "define" in the context of the given sentence is:2) give a definition
semeval2015.d001.s039.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "libraries" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a collection
semeval2015.d001.s039.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "resume" in the context of the given sentence is:4) give a
semeval2015.d001.s039.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "previous" in the given sentence is:1) just preceding something else in time
semeval2015.d001.s039.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:2) a product produced or accomplished through
semeval2015.d001.s040.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl G Save Script" is:11
semeval2015.d001.s041.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the context of the given sentence is:11) record
semeval2015.d001.s041.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "instructions" in the given sentence is:1) a message describing how
semeval2015.d001.s041.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typed" in the given sentence is:1) write by means of a
semeval2015.d001.s041.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "began" in the context of the given sentence is:6) have a
semeval2015.d001.s041.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (usually
semeval2015.d001.s042.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Generates" in the context of the given sentence is:1) bring into
semeval2015.d001.s042.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "easy" in the context of the given sentence is:1) posing
semeval2015.d001.s042.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "fix" in the context of the given sentence is:12) make ready
semeval2015.d001.s042.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "using" in the given sentence is:5) avail oneself to
semeval2015.d001.s042.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text editor" in the given context is:2) (computer science)
semeval2015.d001.s043.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Save" in the context of "Ctrl S Save Log" is:11
semeval2015.d001.s043.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Log" in the context of "Ctrl S Save Log" is:3)
semeval2015.d001.s044.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Saves" in the context of the given sentence is:11) record
semeval2015.d001.s044.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "log" in the given sentence is:3) a written record of messages sent
semeval2015.d001.s044.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given context is:3) something that resultsIn
semeval2015.d001.s044.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (usually
semeval2015.d001.s044.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "print" in the context of the given sentence is:4) reproduce by printing
semeval2015.d001.s044.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "publish" in the context of the given sentence is:3) have (one
semeval2015.d001.s045.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Quit" in the context of "Ctrl Q Quit" is:1
semeval2015.d001.s046.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "program" in the context of the sentence "Shuts the program down" is:
semeval2015.d001.s047.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "add" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (to);
semeval2015.d001.s047.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given context is:1) not of long duration; having
semeval2015.d001.s047.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "do" in the given sentence is:2) carry out or perform an action
semeval2015.d001.s047.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "go" in the context of the sentence is:2) follow a procedure or
semeval2015.d001.s047.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the context of the given sentence is:1) make an addition
semeval2015.d001.s047.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "add" in the given sentence is:1) make an addition (to);
semeval2015.d001.s047.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "new" in the given context is:1) not of long duration; having
semeval2015.d001.s047.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the given sentence is:1) (mathemat
semeval2015.d001.s048.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Then" in the given sentence is:1) subsequently or soon afterward (
semeval2015.d001.s048.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "focus" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the concentration of
semeval2015.d001.s048.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "input" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a component of
semeval2015.d001.s048.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "text" in the given sentence is:1) the words of something written
semeval2015.d001.s048.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "type" in the context of the sentence "Then your focus will go to an input text
semeval2015.d001.s048.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the context of the given sentence is:7) a set sequence
semeval2015.d001.s049.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "want" in the given sentence is:1) feel or have a desire
semeval2015.d001.s049.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d001.s049.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "typical" in the given sentence is:1) exhibiting the qualities
semeval2015.d001.s049.t004	In the given sentence, "necessary" is used to convey the idea that something is not required or mandatory for a
semeval2015.d001.s049.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "specify" in the context of the given sentence is:4) be specific
semeval2015.d001.s050.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "function" in the given sentence is:1) (mathematics) a
semeval2015.d001.s050.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "display" in the given sentence is:1) to show, make visible or
semeval2015.d001.s050.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the sentence "If you have entered the function click on the
semeval2015.d001.s050.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "window" in the given sentence is:7) an opening in a wall or
semeval2015.d001.s051.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the context of the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view
semeval2015.d001.s051.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given sentence is:1) (used with count
semeval2015.d001.s051.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "same" in the context of the sentence "You can set several graphs on the same view
semeval2015.d001.s052.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Just" in the given sentence is:2) indicating exactness or preciseness
semeval2015.d001.s052.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the context of the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Add" in the context of the sentence "Just use the Add button when you are in
semeval2015.d001.s052.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "List" in the given sentence is:1) a database containing an ordered array
semeval2015.d001.s052.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition of "mode" in the given sentence is:2) a particular functioning condition or
semeval2015.d001.s053.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "set" in the context of the sentence "You can set each graph its own color"
semeval2015.d001.s053.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "color" in the given sentence is:8) the appearance of objects (or
semeval2015.d002.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an institution supported
semeval2015.d002.s000.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involved" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in
semeval2015.d002.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organising" in the context of the given sentence is:5) arrange
semeval2015.d002.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dealt" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "critical" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation has recently been involved in organ
semeval2015.d002.s000.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a demand
semeval2015.d002.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participants" in the given sentence is:1) someone who takes part
semeval2015.d002.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "main" in the context of the given sentence is:1) most important element
semeval2015.d002.s001.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attended" in the context of the given sentence is:1) be present
semeval2015.d002.s001.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "debated" in the given context is:3) discuss the pros and cons
semeval2015.d002.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "issues" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an important question
semeval2015.d002.s001.t008	In the given context, "actors" refers to individuals or entities that play a significant role in a particular situation or process
semeval2015.d002.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "authorities" in the context of the sentence is:2) (usually
semeval2015.d002.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating to
semeval2015.d002.s001.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "voluntary" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) of
semeval2015.d002.s001.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition of "community" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a group of
semeval2015.d002.s001.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
semeval2015.d002.s001.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the context of the given sentence is:4) a company or
semeval2015.d002.s001.t018	The most suitable dictionary definition for "users" in the given context is:1) a person who makes use of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cases" in the given sentence is:1) an occurrence of something
semeval2015.d002.s002.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reported" in the context of the given sentence is:2) announce
semeval2015.d002.s002.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attempts" in the context of the given sentence is:1) earnest
semeval2015.d002.s002.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involve" in the context of the given sentence is:2) eng
semeval2015.d002.s002.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "users" in the given sentence is:1) a person who makes use of
semeval2015.d002.s002.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "planning" in the context of the given sentence is:1) an act
semeval2015.d002.s002.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "involvement" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2015.d002.s002.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "service" in the given sentence is:1) work done by one person or
semeval2015.d002.s002.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "provision" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the activity
semeval2015.d002.s002.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "found" in the context of the sentence is:4) establish after a calculation
semeval2015.d002.s002.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given context is:2) comparative of much; to
semeval2015.d002.s002.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "common" in the given context is:4) commonly encounteredThis definition
semeval2015.d002.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "variety" in the context of the given sentence is:5) a category
semeval2015.d002.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "different" in the context of the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of
semeval2015.d002.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "played" in the context of the given sentence is:4) play a
semeval2015.d002.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the context of the sentence "Note was also taken of the variety of different
semeval2015.d002.s003.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "welfare" in the context of the given sentence is:1) government
semeval2015.d002.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the given context is:2) an institution supported by an end
semeval2015.d002.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Commission" in the context of the sentence is:5) a group of
semeval2015.d002.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Ministry" in the given context is:3) a government department under the
semeval2015.d002.s004.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Social" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating
semeval2015.d002.s004.t006	In the given sentence, "Affairs" refers to matters of professional or public interest. The context involves the organization of a
semeval2015.d002.s004.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "regional" in the given context is:2) related or limited to a
semeval2015.d002.s004.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "government" in the context of the sentence is:1) the organization
semeval2015.d002.s004.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s004.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the given context is:1) relating to human society and
semeval2015.d002.s004.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exclusion" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the state
semeval2015.d002.s004.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "major" in the context of the sentence "a major challenge for public welfare services
semeval2015.d002.s004.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "challenge" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a demand
semeval2015.d002.s004.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "public" in the given sentence is:1) not private; open to or
semeval2015.d002.s004.t016	The most suitable dictionary definition for "welfare" in the context of the given sentence is:1) government
semeval2015.d002.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an institution supported
semeval2015.d002.s005.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "published" in the context of the given sentence is:2) prepare and
semeval2015.d002.s005.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "comparative" in the context of the given sentence is:1) rel
semeval2015.d002.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a written
semeval2015.d002.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "part" in the context of the sentence provided is:9) one of the
semeval2015.d002.s005.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the context of the given sentence is:1) evaluate or
semeval2015.d002.s005.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extent" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the point
semeval2015.d002.s005.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "direct" in the context of the sentence provided is:3) straightforward in means
semeval2015.d002.s005.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "participation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the
semeval2015.d002.s005.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward making or doing
semeval2015.d002.s005.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "increasing" in the context of the sentence "The Foundation recently published a comparative
semeval2015.d002.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "study" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d002.s006.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "based" in the given sentence is:1) use as a basis for;
semeval2015.d002.s006.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "personal" in the context of the given sentence is:1) concerning or
semeval2015.d002.s006.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning of a
semeval2015.d002.s006.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "senior" in the given context is:1) older; higher in rank
semeval2015.d002.s006.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "officials" in the given sentence is:1) a worker who holds
semeval2015.d002.s006.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relating to
semeval2015.d002.s006.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "representatives" in the given context is:1) a person who represents
semeval2015.d002.s006.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerned with
semeval2015.d002.s006.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "level" in the context of the given sentence is:8) a structure consisting
semeval2015.d002.s006.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organizations" in the given context is:2) a group of people who
semeval2015.d002.s006.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "countries" in the given context is:5) a particular geographical region
semeval2015.d002.s007.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "important" in the context of the given sentence is:1) of great significance
semeval2015.d002.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industrial" in the given sentence is:1) of or relating to
semeval2015.d002.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the given sentence is:2) a social group that forms
semeval2015.d002.s007.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "metal" in the given context is:1) any of several chemical elements
semeval2015.d002.s007.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "industry" in the given sentence is:2) the organized action of making
semeval2015.d002.s007.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "banking" in the context of the sentence "As important industrial sectors, the metal
semeval2015.d002.s007.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sector" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a social
semeval2015.d002.s007.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "included" in the given sentence is:3) add as part of something
semeval2015.d002.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "speakers" in the context of the given sentence is:1) someone who
semeval2015.d002.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) relating to
semeval2015.d002.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "exclusion" in the context of the sentence about the social exclusion conference is:
semeval2015.d002.s008.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given context is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s008.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "left" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the hand that
semeval2015.d002.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "right" in the context of the given sentence is:6) a turn toward
semeval2015.d002.s008.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Employment" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) the state
semeval2015.d002.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Industrial" in the context of the sentence "Employment, Industrial Relations
semeval2015.d002.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Commission" in the context of the sentence is:9) a special assignment
semeval2015.d002.s008.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "high" in the context of the sentence is:3) standing above others in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the context of the sentence provided is:1)
semeval2015.d002.s008.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Member" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) one of the
semeval2015.d002.s008.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parliament" in the given context is:1) a legislative assembly in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t020	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Parliament" in the given context is:1) a legislative assembly in
semeval2015.d002.s008.t021	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Economic" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) of
semeval2015.d002.s008.t022	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Social" in the context of the "social exclusion conference" is:
semeval2015.d002.s008.t023	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the context of the sentence provided is:1)
semeval2015.d002.s009.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Case Studies" in the given sentence is:1) a careful study of some
semeval2015.d002.s009.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerned with
semeval2015.d002.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the find
semeval2015.d002.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given context is:1) include or contain; have as
semeval2015.d002.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "present" in the context of the given sentence is:5) introduce
semeval2015.d002.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "policies" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a
semeval2015.d002.s009.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practices" in the given context is:5) knowledge of how something
semeval2015.d002.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "improve" in the context of the given sentence is:1) to
semeval2015.d002.s009.t011	In the given sentence, "training" refers to activities or programs designed to improve skills, knowledge, or competencies, particularly
semeval2015.d002.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "development" in the context of the sentence is:2) a process in which
semeval2015.d002.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at
semeval2015.d002.s009.t017	The most suitable dictionary definition for "community" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a group of
semeval2015.d002.s010.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "country" in the given sentence is:1) a politically organized body of
semeval2015.d002.s010.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case study" in the given sentence is:1) a careful study of some
semeval2015.d002.s011.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "case studies" in the given sentence is:1) a careful study of some
semeval2015.d002.s011.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analysed" in the given context is:1) consider in detail and
semeval2015.d002.s011.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "background" in the given sentence is:3) information that is essential to understanding
semeval2015.d002.s011.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "impact" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a force
semeval2015.d002.s011.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "employment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the state
semeval2015.d002.s011.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "work" in the context of the given sentence is:1) activity directed toward
semeval2015.d002.s011.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "organisations" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a
semeval2015.d002.s011.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) evaluate or
semeval2015.d002.s011.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "benefits" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
semeval2015.d002.s011.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "problems" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a source
semeval2015.d002.s012.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Visits" in the given sentence is:1) the act of going to
semeval2015.d002.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "interviews" in the given sentence is:1) the questioning of a
semeval2015.d002.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "national" in the context of the sentence "These national studies will form the basis
semeval2015.d002.s013.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given sentence is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d002.s013.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "form" in the context of the sentence "These national studies will form the basis of
semeval2015.d002.s013.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "basis" in the given sentence is:1) a relation that provides the
semeval2015.d002.s013.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the find
semeval2015.d002.s013.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "overall" in the given sentence is:2) including everythingIn
semeval2015.d002.s013.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "practices" in the context of the given sentence is:5) knowledge
semeval2015.d002.s014.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "report" in the given sentence is:1) a written document describing the find
semeval2015.d002.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "published" in the given context is:2) prepare and issue for public
semeval2015.d002.s014.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "conference" in the given sentence is:1) a prearranged meeting
semeval2015.d002.s014.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "staged" in the given context is:2) plan, organize,
semeval2015.d002.s015.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Foundation" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the basis on
semeval2015.d002.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "aims" in the context of the sentence provided is:7) have an
semeval2015.d002.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the context of the given sentence is:1) record in detail
semeval2015.d002.s015.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "characteristics" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a prominent
semeval2015.d002.s015.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the given sentence is:3) a time of life (us
semeval2015.d002.s015.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the context of the sentence is:2) any condition that
semeval2015.d002.s015.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "job" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the principal activity
semeval2015.d002.s015.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "training" in the context of the given sentence is:1) activity leading to
semeval2015.d002.s015.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "analyse" in the context of the given sentence is:1) consider in
semeval2015.d002.s015.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "causes" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) events that
semeval2015.d002.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "perspectives" in the given sentence is:1) a way of regarding
semeval2015.d002.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "social" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the context of the given sentence is:6) providing specific
semeval2015.d002.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "attention" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the process
semeval2015.d002.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "paid" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners
semeval2015.d002.s016.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "proposals" in the context of the given sentence is:1) something
semeval2015.d002.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "removing" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners
semeval2015.d002.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners is
semeval2015.d002.s016.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the context of the sentence "The perspectives of the social partners
semeval2015.d002.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assesses" in the context of the given sentence is:1) evaluate or
semeval2015.d002.s017.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition of "private" in the context of the given sentence is:3) concerning one person
semeval2015.d002.s017.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sectors" in the context of the given sentence is:2) a social
semeval2015.d002.s017.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the sentence is:3) a time of life
semeval2015.d002.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "barriers" in the context of the sentence is:2) any condition that
semeval2015.d002.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "especially" in the context of the given sentence is:1) to a
semeval2015.d002.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "older" in the given sentence is:1) advanced in years; (`aged
semeval2015.d002.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person
semeval2015.d002.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Seeking" in the context of the given sentence is:3) make
semeval2015.d002.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "early" in the context of the sentence "Seeking alternatives to early retirement
semeval2015.d002.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retirement" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the state
semeval2015.d002.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "redundancy" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the
semeval2015.d002.s018.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "concerned" in the context of the given sentence is:2)
semeval2015.d002.s018.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "retention" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act
semeval2015.d002.s018.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "older" in the given sentence is:1) advanced in years; (`aged
semeval2015.d002.s018.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the given sentence is:1) a person who works at
semeval2015.d002.s019.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gender" in the context of the sentence provided is:1) a grammat
semeval2015.d002.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "ethnic" in the context of the given sentence is:1) denoting
semeval2015.d002.s019.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "backgrounds" in the context of the given sentence is:3) information that
semeval2015.d002.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "workers" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a person
semeval2015.d002.s019.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "relate" in the context of the given sentence is:2) be relevant
semeval2015.d002.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the sentence "The gender and ethnic backgrounds of workers
semeval2015.d002.s019.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2015.d002.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "examined" in the context of the given sentence is:1) consider
semeval2015.d002.s020.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "considers" in the context of the given sentence is:2) give careful
semeval2015.d002.s020.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "age" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a time of
semeval2015.d002.s020.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "discrimination" in the context of the given sentence is:1)
semeval2015.d002.s020.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "small" in the context of the sentence "The project also considers initiatives to combat
semeval2015.d002.s020.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "enterprises" in the context of the given sentence is:2) an
semeval2015.d002.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "member" in the given context is:4) an organization that is a member
semeval2015.d002.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "covered" in the context of the given sentence is:6) include in
semeval2015.d003.s000.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "document" in the context of the given sentence is:1) writing that provides
semeval2015.d003.s000.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Public" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d003.s000.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Assessment" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the
semeval2015.d003.s000.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Report" in the context of the sentence "This document is a summary of the European Public
semeval2015.d003.s001.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "explains" in the given context is:1) make plain and compreh
semeval2015.d003.s001.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Committee" in the given context is:1) a special group
semeval2015.d003.s001.t003	In the context of the sentence, "Products" refers to medicinal products for veterinary use. The most suitable dictionary definition
semeval2015.d003.s001.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "Use" in the context of the given sentence is:1) the act of
semeval2015.d003.s001.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "assessed" in the given context is:1) evaluate or estimate the nature
semeval2015.d003.s001.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d003.s001.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "performed" in the context of the given sentence is:1) carry out
semeval2015.d003.s001.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "reach" in the context of the given sentence is:7) reach a
semeval2015.d003.s001.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "recommendations" in the given context is:1) something (as
semeval2015.d003.s001.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "use" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s001.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given sentence is:2) something that treats
semeval2015.d003.s003.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contains" in the given sentence is:1) include or contain; have as
semeval2015.d003.s003.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "active" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance mar
semeval2015.d003.s003.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "substance" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance
semeval2015.d003.s003.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "available" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance mar
semeval2015.d003.s003.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a small
semeval2015.d003.s003.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "solution" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a hom
semeval2015.d003.s003.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia contains the active substance
semeval2015.d003.s004.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:4) a dose of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s004.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "have" in the given sentence is:15) get something; come into
semeval2015.d003.s004.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "score" in the context of the given sentence is:8) a slight surface
semeval2015.d003.s004.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "line" in the context of the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange and
semeval2015.d003.s004.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "sides" in the context of the sentence "The tablets are pale-orange
semeval2015.d003.s004.t005	In this context, the most suitable dictionary definition for "so" is:2) in a manner that facilit
semeval2015.d003.s005.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the given sentence is:4) a dose of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s005.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "marked" in the given sentence is:3) having or as if having
semeval2015.d003.s005.t003	In the context of the sentence provided, "side" refers to a surface forming part of the outside of an object. Therefore
semeval2015.d003.s005.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "letters" in the context of the given sentence is:2) the conventional
semeval2015.d003.s005.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "quantity" in the given context is:1) how much there is or how
semeval2015.d003.s005.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s005.t007	In the context of the sentence provided, "side" refers to a surface forming part of the outside of an object. Therefore
semeval2015.d003.s006.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the context of the sentence "What is Cerenia used for?" is
semeval2015.d003.s007.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "means" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-em
semeval2015.d003.s007.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "stops" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia is an anti-em
semeval2015.d003.s008.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s008.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s008.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "prevent" in the given sentence is:1) keep from happening or arising
semeval2015.d003.s008.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "caused" in the given context is:1) give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d003.s008.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicines" in the given context is:2) something that treats
semeval2015.d003.s008.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given sentence is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s008.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) care
semeval2015.d003.s008.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cancer" in the given context is:1) any malignant growth
semeval2015.d003.s008.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "cause" in the given context is:1) give rise to; cause
semeval2015.d003.s009.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measures" in the context of the given sentence is:1) any man
semeval2015.d003.s009.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the given context is:1) not the same one or ones
semeval2015.d003.s009.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s009.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "special" in the context of the sentence provided is:4) adapted to or
semeval2015.d003.s009.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "diet" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the usual
semeval2015.d003.s009.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "used" in the given context is:1) put into service; make work
semeval2015.d003.s009.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given context is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s009.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
semeval2015.d003.s009.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
semeval2015.d003.s009.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "followed" in the context of the sentence is:6) come after in
semeval2015.d003.s009.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a small
semeval2015.d003.s010.t000	In the given sentence, "For these purposes, Cerenia can be given for up to five days," the word "
semeval2015.d003.s010.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "given" in the context of the sentence "For these purposes, Cerenia can
semeval2015.d003.s010.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "days" in the given sentence is:2) some point or period in time
semeval2015.d003.s012.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "receptor" in the given context is:1) a cellular structure that
semeval2015.d003.s012.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "acts" in the given context is:7) have an effect or outcome
semeval2015.d003.s013.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studied" in the context of the sentence "How has Cerenia been studied?"
semeval2015.d003.s014.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d003.s014.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "carried out" in the given sentence is:2) pursue to a
semeval2015.d003.s014.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "laboratory" in the given context is:1) a workplace for
semeval2015.d003.s014.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s014.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "several" in the given context is:1) (used with count
semeval2015.d003.s015.t000	In the context of the sentence, "What benefit has Cerenia shown during the studies?", the most suitable dictionary definition
semeval2015.d003.s015.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "shown" in the context of the sentence "What benefit has Cerenia shown during
semeval2015.d003.s015.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a written
semeval2015.d003.s016.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "results" in the given context is:1) a phenomenon that follows and
semeval2015.d003.s016.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "studies" in the given context is:3) a written document describing the
semeval2015.d003.s016.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "showed" in the given sentence is:3) provide evidence for
semeval2015.d003.s016.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "more" in the given context is:2) comparative of much; to
semeval2015.d003.s016.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "effective" in the given context is:3) works well as a means
semeval2015.d003.s016.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placebo" in the given context is:1) an innocuous or in
semeval2015.d003.s016.t006	The most suitable dictionary definition for "less" in the given context is:1) (comparative of `
semeval2015.d003.s016.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "seen" in the context of the sentence is:7) see or watch
semeval2015.d003.s016.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s016.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the given context is:2) something that treats
semeval2015.d003.s016.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dogs" in the given context is:1) a member of the genus
semeval2015.d003.s016.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "placebo" in the given context is:1) an innocuous or in
semeval2015.d003.s016.t015	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the context of the given sentence is:1) care
semeval2015.d003.s017.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s017.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Can
semeval2015.d003.s017.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "started" in the given context is:9) begin or set in motion
semeval2015.d003.s017.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "injection" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the act
semeval2015.d003.s017.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "able" in the given context is:1) (usually followed by `
semeval2015.d003.s017.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a small
semeval2015.d003.s017.t010	The most suitable dictionary definition for "intact" in the given context is:1) constituting the und
semeval2015.d003.s017.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablet" in the context of the given sentence is:3) a small
semeval2015.d003.s018.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "follow-up" in the given sentence is:3) a subsequent examination
semeval2015.d003.s018.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s018.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "owner" in the given sentence is:2) a person who owns something
semeval2015.d003.s018.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administer" in the given sentence is:4) give or apply (med
semeval2015.d003.s018.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tablets" in the given sentence is:4) a dose of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s018.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dog" in the given sentence is:1) a member of the genus Can
semeval2015.d003.s019.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s019.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "only" in the context of the given sentence is:2) without any others
semeval2015.d003.s019.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not the same
semeval2015.d003.s019.t007	The most suitable dictionary definition for "measure" in the context of the given sentence is:5) a basis for
semeval2015.d003.s019.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "other" in the context of the given sentence is:1) not the same
semeval2015.d003.s019.t011	The most suitable dictionary definition for "addressing" in the context of the given sentence is:5) address or
semeval2015.d003.s019.t012	The most suitable dictionary definition for "underlying" in the context of the given sentence is:1) in the
semeval2015.d003.s019.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "causes" in the context of the given sentence is:1) events that
semeval2015.d003.s020.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "risk" in the context of the sentence "What is the risk associated with Ceren
semeval2015.d003.s021.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "generally" in the context of the given sentence is:1) usually;
semeval2015.d003.s021.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "well" in the given context is:5) to a suitable or appropriate extent
semeval2015.d003.s021.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "tolerated" in the given context is:3) have a tolerance
semeval2015.d003.s021.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "administered" in the given sentence is:4) give or apply (
semeval2015.d003.s021.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "daily" in the given sentence is:1) every day; without missing
semeval2015.d003.s021.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "dosages" in the given sentence is:2) a measured portion of
semeval2015.d003.s021.t008	The most suitable dictionary definition for "doses" in the given context is:1) a measured portion of medicine
semeval2015.d003.s021.t009	The most suitable dictionary definition for "extended" in the context of the given sentence is:1) relatively long
semeval2015.d003.s021.t013	The most suitable dictionary definition for "duration" in the given context is:1) the period of time during which
semeval2015.d003.s021.t014	The most suitable dictionary definition for "treatment" in the given sentence is:1) care provided to improve
semeval2015.d003.s022.t000	The most suitable dictionary definition for "precautions" in the given sentence is:1) a precaution
semeval2015.d003.s022.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "person" in the context of the given sentence is:1) a human being
semeval2015.d003.s022.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "gives" in the context of the sentence "What are the precautions for the
semeval2015.d003.s022.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "medicine" in the context of the given sentence is:2) something
semeval2015.d003.s022.t005	The most suitable dictionary definition for "contact" in the context of the given sentence is:3) the state or
semeval2015.d003.s023.t001	The most suitable dictionary definition for "represent" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t002	The most suitable dictionary definition for "particular" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t003	The most suitable dictionary definition for "risk" in the context of the sentence "Cerenia does not represent a particular
semeval2015.d003.s023.t004	The most suitable dictionary definition for "people" in the given sentence is:1) (plural) any group
